{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red90\green60\blue20;\red80\green80\blue80;}
{\stylesheet
{\s1\f1\fs22\b\sb240\sa60\cf2 Category Head;}
{\s2\f1\fs18\b\sb120\sa0 Event Name;}
{\s3\f1\fs16\sb0\sa0\cf3 Event Meta;}
{\s4\f0\fs16\sb40\sa0\qj Event Body;}
{\s5\f0\fs14\sb0\sa60\i\cf3 Event Contact;}
{\s6\f0\fs8\sb0\sa60 Event Divider;}
}
{\pard\s1\qc\fs28\b BRIDLE \cf2&\cf0 BIT MAGAZINE\par}
{\pard\s3\qc ARIZONA EQUESTRIAN EVENTS CALENDAR\par}
{\pard\s3\qc Generated May 02, 2026 \u8212? 185 Events\par}
{\pard\s6 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b TEAM ROPING\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b 9th Annual Rudy Clark Sr Memorial Roping\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 28, 2026  |  2:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Marana Heritage Arena  Marana  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Memorial Roping  |  Saddles & Buckles\par}
{\pard\s4 9th Annual Rudy Clark Sr Memorial Roping at Marana Heritage Arena. Books open 9am, rope at 10am. Four divisions: #10.5 Saddle Roping (saddles to AVG winners, P1D2 or D3, $180/roper, enter 3x, capped at 6 heeler, 3 steer), #11.5 w/ #9.5 Inc Buckle Roping (buckles to 1st-4th in AVG, buckles to 1st-3rd in Inc, P1D2 or D3, $180/roper, enter 3x, 3 steer), #12 Slide 80% Payback (buckles to AVG winners, P1D1 or D2, $160/roper, enter 3x, 4 steer), Kids Dummy Roping (buckles to age group winners). Cattle provided by LT Cattle Company. 2/3 cash prize payout.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 520-240-6280\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Rope Fast Trailer Bash \u8211? #9.5 Roping\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 28, 2026  |  Entries close 9:30 AM, Rope 10:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Casa Grande Rodeo Grounds  400 W Rodeo Rd  Casa Grande  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Jackpot  |  $2,000 to High Point; 70% payback\par}
{\pard\s4 Rope Fast Trailer Bash at Casa Grande Rodeo Grounds, 2 arenas. #9.5 division, 5.5 cap, P1/D1 or D2, $120/roper, enter 3x, 3 steer. $2,000 to High Point. 70% payback. WS Barrier, flag on heels. WSTR or Global Card required.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-215-3180  |  RopeFast.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Rope Fast Trailer Bash \u8211? #8.5 Trailer Bash\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 28, 2026  |  Entries won't close before 11:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Casa Grande Rodeo Grounds  400 W Rodeo Rd  Casa Grande  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Jackpot  |  Trails West 3-Horse Trailer to High Point; prizes and cash 1st\u8211?5th in ave\par}
{\pard\s4 Rope Fast #8.5 Trailer Bash at Casa Grande Rodeo Grounds. 4.5 cap, P1/D1 or D2, $160/roper, enter 4x, 3 steer. Trails West MX Trim 3-horse trailer to High Point roper (top 8\u8211?15 in ave). 2/3 cash and prizes payout. WS Barrier, flag on heels. Stalls $20/night. WSTR or Global Card required.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-215-3180  |  RopeFast.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Pinal County Cowboy Church Team Roping\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 28, 2026  |  Books Open 8:00 AM, Rope 9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Pinal County Cowboy Church  18171 W. Hopi Drive  Casa Grande  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Jackpot\par}
{\pard\s4 Gospel presentation before each roping. Concession stand on site. USTRC/WS/NTR required. Cash only. Produced by Savantos Land & Cattle. | Division: #13.5 Slide / #11.5 / #9.5 40&Over or Cowgirl | Entry Fee: $100/$150/$120\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 520-405-9588\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Rancho Rio Legends Mondays\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 30, 2026  |  Entries Close at 9:30 AM, Rope at 10:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Rancho Rio  1325 N. Tegner St.  Wickenburg  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Jackpot\par}
{\pard\s4 2-Steer. 4.5 Cap. Cash or Credit Cards. 2/3 Cash & Prize Payback unless noted. Current Global Handicap Required. Produced by Yost Events Inc. | Division: #7.5 Legends 60+ / Cowgirls 50+ | Entry Fee: $150/team (Pick 1 Draw 1 or Draw 2) | Runs: Enter 3x\par}
{\pard\s5 \i (520) 251-1495  |  ranchorioaz.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turn Up Ranch Sled Dummy Roping Practice Night\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 31, 2026  |  6:00 PM - 10:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Turn Up Ranch  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Practice\par}
{\pard\s4 Sled dummy roping practice night. Arena lights on all night. Music, food truck, drink vendor, BYOB optional. | Entry Fee: $10/person\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 602-556-9739\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b 2nd Annual TR Frost Memorial\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 4, 2026  |  Books Open 8:00 AM, Close 9:00 AM SHARP\par}
{\pard\s3 Gila County Fair Grounds  Globe  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Jackpot\par}
{\pard\s4 2nd Annual TR Frost Memorial at Gila County Fair Grounds in Globe. Divisions: #13.5 Slide, #11.5 w/#9.5 Inc. 4 Steer. P1D1 or D2. HCAP Up/Down. 1 sec/Number Max 6 sec. 70% Payback. Buckles 1st-5th. Silent Auction on site.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i (928) 243-0598\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Bob Felkins 3rd Annual Memorial Roping\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 11, 2026  |  Books 8:00 AM, Rope 9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Diamond B Ranch  20250 E Price Station Rd  Florence  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Memorial Jackpot  |  75% payback (12 Slide), 70% payback (9.5 Handicap)\par}
{\pard\s4 3rd Annual memorial roping honoring Bob Felkins at Diamond B Ranch, Florence AZ. Two divisions: #12 Slide (P1/D1, $200, 4 steer, 75% payback) and #9.5 Handicap (P1/D1, $150, 3 steer, 5.5 cap, 70% payback). Cash only. Cattle by Velazquez Productions.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 602-526-2271, 505-414-2787\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b The Buckeye 5 Steer 2026\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 2, 2026  |  Books close April 25 Noon, Rope 9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Buckeye Equestrian and Events Center  Buckeye  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Jackpot  |  $4,720+ 1st\par}
{\pard\s4 85% payback. Handicapped -2 sec/#. Pick-Enter 1x per side. Progressive after 1. Calcutta online silent auction. RopingFinder.com $300 bonus for member winner. Pre-entry required by April 25 noon. Late entries +$20/side. Cash only day of roping. | Division: #13.5 w/11.5 Bonus | Entry Fee: $200/man | Runs: 5 Steer Avg.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 623-377-8670\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Crown B Ranch 3rd Annual Masters Team Roping\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 15\u8211?16, 2026  |  Friday: books open 6 PM, rope 7 PM. Saturday: books open 8 AM, rope 9 AM.\par}
{\pard\s3 Pima County Fairgrounds  11300 S Houghton Rd  Tucson  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Team Roping Jackpot \u8211? Masters  |  80% payback, trophy letterman jackets, saddles to average winners\par}
{\pard\s4 Crown B Ranch 3rd Annual Masters Team Roping, May 15\u8211?16, 2026 at Pima County Fairgrounds, Tucson, AZ. Produced by Savantos Land & Cattle and Crown B Ranch LLC. FRIDAY WARM-UP (books open 6 PM, rope 7 PM): #13.5 Hailstorm Roofing Slide \u8211? pick or draw $100, enter 4x, 4-steer average, 80% payback, trophy letterman jackets. Junior 12 & Under Tractor Supply Dummy Roping 6 PM. SATURDAY (books open 8 AM, rope 9 AM): #11.5 Saddle Roping \u8211? P1/D1 or Draw 2 $150, enter 3x, 4-steer average, no cap, buckles to average winners 2nd\u8211?4th. #9.5 Saddle Roping \u8211? P1/D1 or Draw 2 $150, enter 3x, 3-steer average, no cap. All ropings 2/3 cash prize payback unless otherwise noted. Must have current USTRC, WS, or NTR card.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 520-405-9588  |  crownbranchllc.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turn Up Ranch Weekly Arena Nights\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 Date TBD  |  6:00 PM - 10:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Turn Up Ranch  212 N Apache Road  Buckeye  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Weekly Practice / Arena Night\par}
{\pard\s4 Turn Up Ranch at 212 N Apache Road in Buckeye, Arizona hosts recurring Weekly Arena Nights across three days each week. The flyer lists Tuesday sessions as Sled Roping Practice from 6 PM to 10 PM, Wednesday sessions as Open Arena Nights from 6 PM to 10 PM, and Friday sessions as Barrel Practice Nights from 6 PM to 10 PM. The fee listed on the flyer is $10 per horse, with arena lights on and music playing throughout. The flyer notes all other days not listed are available for arena rentals. A barrel racing instructor is listed as available offering lessons, tips, and guidance. No specific series start or end date is listed on the flyer.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b BARREL RACING\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Royal Crown Barrel Race and Team Roping - Buckeye\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 February 10\u8211?15, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Buckeye Equestrian & Events Center  10300 S Miller Rd  Buckeye  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Futurity/Derby\par}
{\pard\s4 Royal Crown barrel racing and team roping \u8212? one of the highest-paying stallion incentive events in the country. Features Futurity, Derby, Open, Youth, Senior and SVE divisions. Also includes heading, heeling, jackpot, breakaway and calf roping. Free to the public. Draws top professionals including Sherry Cervi and Amberleigh Moore. Visit royalcrownrace.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 623-691-6900  |  info@buckeyearena.com  |  https://www.royalcrownrace.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b CCOBRA Barrel Race - March 21\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 21, 2026  |  7:30 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Jackpot  |  $500 Added\par}
{\pard\s4 CCOBRA Cowboys and Cowgirls Open Barrel Racing Association night race. $500 added to the Open. Office and time only 5:30\u8211?7 PM, Youth 7:30 PM, Open to follow. Night race due to extreme heat conditions. Enter online at azccobra.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://azccobra.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Desert After Dark Barrel Series - April 2\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 2, 2026  |  7:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Charles Whitlow Rodeo Arena  Florence  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 BR Diamond Spur Desert After Dark 6-Week Thursday night barrel series at Charles Whitlow Rodeo Arena in Florence. Open 5D $50, Youth 3D $35, Rookie 3D $20, Peewee. Exhibitions 5\u8211?6:30 PM. Race starts 7 PM. Series buckles to division winners. Must enter 4 of 6 to qualify.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-755-8809  |  RaceBRDs@gmail.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b BR Diamond Spur Barrels & Poles Series - April 4\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 4, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Charles Whitlow Rodeo Arena  Florence  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series  |  $500 Added\par}
{\pard\s4 BR Diamond Spur Barrels & Poles Series at Charles Whitlow Rodeo Arena. 80% payback, $500 added, cash only. Barrels: Open 5D $50, Youth 3D $40, Rookie 3D $20. Poles: 4D $50. Must enter 3 of 4 jackpots to qualify for awards.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-788-5509\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Jillian Ziegler Memorial Race\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 4, 2026  |  10:45 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Olsen's Events  344 S Hwy 89  Chino Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Memorial Race\par}
{\pard\s4 Jillian Ziegler Memorial Race at Olsen's Events in Chino Valley. A special memorial event honoring Jillian Ziegler \u8212? A Bright Light Remembered. Hosted by Olsen's Events, a premier equine facility and arena in Northern Arizona. A meaningful day of racing and community in Jillian's honor.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Jillian Ziegler Memorial Race - For the Gift of Life\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 4, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Olsen's Events Arena  344 S Hwy 89  Chino Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Memorial Race  |  $1000 Added\par}
{\pard\s4 Jillian Ziegler Memorial Race for the Gift of Life at Olsen's Events Arena. $1,000 added to Open. Buckles to 1st in each D. Divisions: Peewee, Open, Youth, Senior, Novice, Green Horse, Open Poles (all 4D). Time onlies 9\u8211?10:30 AM, race at 11. Silent auction. Proceeds benefit Gift of Life transplant house.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://saddlebook.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Progressive Barrel Racing Club - April 4\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 4, 2026  |  10:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Wayne's Place Saddlery Farrier Service and Arena  5804 S 339th Ave  Tonopah  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Club Race\par}
{\pard\s4 Progressive Barrel Racing Club monthly race at Wayne's Place in Tonopah. 4D jackpot $25/80% payback, barrel classes $10/70% payback, pole classes $10/70% payback. Time onlies $5. Arena fee $15. All levels and ages welcome \u8212? no membership required to run. Contact Liz Tolliver 602-695-1221.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 602-695-1221\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Weekly Barrel Clinic - Hot Mess Acres - April 7\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 7, 2026  |  6:30 PM - 8:30 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Hot Mess Acres  Marana  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Clinic\par}
{\pard\s4 Weekly barrel racing clinic at Hot Mess Acres in Marana \u8212? From Hot Mess to Arena Success. Open arena coaching focused on fundamentals, confidence, and fast times. All ages and levels welcome, multiple horses allowed. Private lessons available. $40 per person. Call/text 480-247-1570.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-247-1570\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Desert After Dark Barrel Series - April 9\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 9, 2026  |  7:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Charles Whitlow Rodeo Arena  Florence  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 BR Diamond Spur Desert After Dark 6-Week Thursday night barrel series at Charles Whitlow Rodeo Arena in Florence. Open 5D $50, Youth 3D $35, Rookie 3D $20, Peewee. Exhibitions 5\u8211?6:30 PM. Race starts 7 PM. Series buckles to division winners. Must enter 4 of 6 to qualify.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-755-8809  |  RaceBRDs@gmail.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Verde Valley Fair Arena Barrel Racing Series - April 11-12\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 11\u8211?12, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Verde Valley Fair Arena  800 E Cherry St  Cottonwood  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series  |  Saddle Certificates\par}
{\pard\s4 Verde Valley Fair Arena Barrel Racing Series 2025-2026 finale weekend. Classes include 5D Open, 4D Youth, 4D Senior, PeeWee (8 & under), and 4D Green Horse/Novice. Arena fee $15/horse, free for VVFA members. Cash only. Saddle certificates in Open Average (best 5 of 7). Year-end prizes 1st-3rd, must run 5 of 7 to qualify.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 928-202-9001  |  rodeogo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Flying E Arena Spring Barrel Series - April 11\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 11, 2026  |  10:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Flying E Arena  445 W Old Country Club Rd  Safford  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Flying E Arena Spring Barrel Series in Safford. Relaxed atmosphere with affordable entry fees. Open 4D $40, Youth 3D under-14 $20, Peewee under-6 $10. Arena fee $10/rider. Books open 2 hours prior, exhibitions 1 hour prior. Time onlies $1 entered/$5 non-entered riders.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Weekly Barrel Clinic - Hot Mess Acres - April 14\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 14, 2026  |  6:30 PM - 8:30 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Hot Mess Acres  Marana  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Clinic\par}
{\pard\s4 Weekly barrel racing clinic at Hot Mess Acres in Marana \u8212? From Hot Mess to Arena Success. Open arena coaching focused on fundamentals, confidence, and fast times. All ages and levels welcome, multiple horses allowed. Private lessons available. $40 per person. Call/text 480-247-1570.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-247-1570\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Desert After Dark Barrel Series - April 16\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 16, 2026  |  7:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Charles Whitlow Rodeo Arena  Florence  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 BR Diamond Spur Desert After Dark 6-Week Thursday night barrel series at Charles Whitlow Rodeo Arena in Florence. Open 5D $50, Youth 3D $35, Rookie 3D $20, Peewee. Exhibitions 5\u8211?6:30 PM. Race starts 7 PM. Series buckles to division winners. Must enter 4 of 6 to qualify.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-755-8809  |  RaceBRDs@gmail.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Arizona Dreams 4D Series - April 18\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 18, 2026  |  12:30 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Lazy Windmill Ranch  1651 S San Pedro Rd  Golden Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series  |  $500 Added\par}
{\pard\s4 Arizona Dreams 4D Series at Lazy Windmill Ranch in Golden Valley. $500 Added Open 4D, $100 Added Youth and Senior, Peewee 100% payback. Exhibitions 10 AM\u8211?noon. Race starts 12:30 PM. Series buckles and prizes to Open and Youth. Must enter 3 of 4 jackpots for awards.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b BR Diamond Spur Barrels & Poles Series - April 25\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 25, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Charles Whitlow Rodeo Arena  Florence  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series  |  $500 Added\par}
{\pard\s4 BR Diamond Spur Barrels & Poles Series at Charles Whitlow Rodeo Arena. 80% payback, $500 added, cash only. Barrels: Open 5D $50, Youth 3D $40, Rookie 3D $20. Poles: 4D $50. Must enter 3 of 4 jackpots to qualify for awards.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-788-5509\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Barrel Racing Clinic with Carrie Jankee Stevens\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 1, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 United Farms  4073 South Ln  Heber  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Clinic  |  $250\par}
{\pard\s4 Barrel racing clinic presented by Carrie Jankee Stevens at United Farms in Heber. Full day clinic 9 AM-4 PM with lunch provided. Limited spots available with $50 non-refundable deposit required. Tack sale, raffles, and vendor booths on site. Call 623-687-0326 to reserve.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 623-687-0326  |  EquineWellBeing.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Dillon's Western Trails Arena 4D Barrel Race - May 2\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 2, 2026  |  Time Only 5:00-6:30 PM / Open Starts 7:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Dillon's Western Trails Arena  37839 W Grand  Morristown  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 4D Barrel Race Series  |  Buckle Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Dillon's Western Trails Arena hosts a 4D Barrel Race on May 2, 2026 at 37839 W Grand in Morristown, Arizona, produced by SSR Productions. The flyer lists divisions as Youth, Middles, Senior, Futurity, and Derby. Time-only runs are available from 5:00 to 6:30 PM, with open competition starting at 7:00 PM. Entries are accepted on SaddleBook. This event is part of a Buckle Series requiring attendance at a minimum of four events, with buckles sponsored by Mountain Country Equipment. Contact Hailey at (435) 681-0058 or visit ssrproductions.org for more information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 435-681-0058  |  ssrproductions.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b BR Diamond Spur Barrels & Poles Series - May 16\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 16, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Charles Whitlow Rodeo Arena  Florence  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series  |  $500 Added\par}
{\pard\s4 BR Diamond Spur Barrels & Poles Series at Charles Whitlow Rodeo Arena. 80% payback, $500 added, cash only. Barrels: Open 5D $50, Youth 3D $40, Rookie 3D $20. Poles: 4D $50. Must enter 3 of 4 jackpots to qualify for awards.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-788-5509\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Dillon's Western Trails Arena 4D Barrel Race - May 16\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 16, 2026  |  Time Only 5:00-6:30 PM / Open Starts 7:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Dillon's Western Trails Arena  37839 W Grand  Morristown  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 4D Barrel Race Series  |  Buckle Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Dillon's Western Trails Arena hosts a 4D Barrel Race on May 16, 2026 at 37839 W Grand in Morristown, Arizona, produced by SSR Productions. The flyer lists divisions as Youth, Middles, Senior, Futurity, and Derby. Time-only runs are available from 5:00 to 6:30 PM, with open competition starting at 7:00 PM. Entries are accepted on SaddleBook. This event is part of a Buckle Series requiring attendance at a minimum of four events, with buckles sponsored by Mountain Country Equipment. Contact Hailey at (435) 681-0058 or visit ssrproductions.org for more information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 435-681-0058  |  ssrproductions.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Desert Freedom Classic - Run for the Brave\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 22\u8211?23, 2026  |  Fri Race 6:30 PM / Sat Race 9:30 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Horseshoe Park & Equestrian Centre  Queen Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Classic  |  $1000 Added\par}
{\pard\s4 The Desert Freedom Classic Run for the Brave is a Memorial Weekend barrel race scheduled for May 22 and 23, 2026 at Horseshoe Park and Equestrian Centre in Queen Creek, Arizona, produced by B.R. Diamond Spur Barrel Production. The flyer lists $1,000 added money with prizes including buckles, a custom tack set, and random drawn prizes. Divisions are Open 5D at $50 entry, Youth 3D at $35, Rookie 3D at $20, and Peewee at $10, with an arena fee of $15 per horse per run. Friday exhibitions run from 4:30 to 6:00 PM with the race starting at 6:30 PM. Saturday exhibitions run from 7:30 to 9:00 AM with the race starting at 9:30 AM. Unlimited exhibitions are listed at $10 per horse. Weekend average buckles are available for Open, Youth, Rookie, and Peewee divisions. The outdoor Tuff Shed Arena will be used. Stalls and RV hook-ups are listed as available. A dress code is noted. Contact by text at 4807558809 or 6024324382, or by email at RaceBRDS@gmail.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-755-8809  |  RaceBRDS@gmail.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b NBHA Las Vegas Super Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 28\u8211?31, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Super Show\par}
{\pard\s4 NBHA Las Vegas Super Show at South Point Arena \u8212? one of the biggest barrel racing events of the year. Four days of National Barrel Horse Association competition with Open, Youth and amateur divisions. Free to the public. Visit nbha.com for entry info and class schedule.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://nbha.com/shows/category/tour/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Dillon's Western Trails Arena 4D Barrel Race - June 6\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 6, 2026  |  Time Only 5:00-6:30 PM / Open Starts 7:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Dillon's Western Trails Arena  37839 W Grand  Morristown  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 4D Barrel Race Series  |  Buckle Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Dillon's Western Trails Arena hosts a 4D Barrel Race on June 6, 2026 at 37839 W Grand in Morristown, Arizona, produced by SSR Productions. The flyer lists divisions as Youth, Middles, Senior, Futurity, and Derby. Time-only runs are available from 5:00 to 6:30 PM, with open competition starting at 7:00 PM. Entries are accepted on SaddleBook. This event is part of a Buckle Series requiring attendance at a minimum of four events, with buckles sponsored by Mountain Country Equipment. Contact Hailey at (435) 681-0058 or visit ssrproductions.org for more information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 435-681-0058  |  ssrproductions.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Dillon's Western Trails Arena 4D Barrel Race - June 20\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 20, 2026  |  Time Only 5:00-6:30 PM / Open Starts 7:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Dillon's Western Trails Arena  37839 W Grand  Morristown  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 4D Barrel Race Series  |  Buckle Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Dillon's Western Trails Arena hosts a 4D Barrel Race on June 20, 2026 at 37839 W Grand in Morristown, Arizona, produced by SSR Productions. The flyer lists divisions as Youth, Middles, Senior, Futurity, and Derby. Time-only runs are available from 5:00 to 6:30 PM, with open competition starting at 7:00 PM. Entries are accepted on SaddleBook. This event is part of a Buckle Series requiring attendance at a minimum of four events, with buckles sponsored by Mountain Country Equipment. Contact Hailey at (435) 681-0058 or visit ssrproductions.org for more information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 435-681-0058  |  ssrproductions.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Dillon's Western Trails Arena 4D Barrel Race - July 4\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 July 4, 2026  |  Time Only 5:00-6:30 PM / Open Starts 7:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Dillon's Western Trails Arena  37839 W Grand  Morristown  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 4D Barrel Race Series  |  Buckle Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Dillon's Western Trails Arena hosts a 4D Barrel Race on July 4, 2026 at 37839 W Grand in Morristown, Arizona, produced by SSR Productions. The flyer lists divisions as Youth, Middles, Senior, Futurity, and Derby. Time-only runs are available from 5:00 to 6:30 PM, with open competition starting at 7:00 PM. Entries are accepted on SaddleBook. This event is part of a Buckle Series requiring attendance at a minimum of four events, with buckles sponsored by Mountain Country Equipment. Contact Hailey at (435) 681-0058 or visit ssrproductions.org for more information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 435-681-0058  |  ssrproductions.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Buckles and Barrels for Bailey\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 September 4\u8211?6, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Charity Event\par}
{\pard\s4 Buckles and Barrels for Bailey at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Three days of barrel racing competition and celebration raising funds for a meaningful cause. Free to the public. Visit bucklesandbarrels4bailey.com for entry information, divisions and schedule.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://bucklesandbarrels4bailey.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Dillon's Western Trails Arena 4D Barrel Race - Oct 17\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 October 17, 2026  |  Time Only 5:00-6:30 PM / Open Starts 7:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Dillon's Western Trails Arena  37839 W Grand  Morristown  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 4D Barrel Race Series  |  Buckle Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Dillon's Western Trails Arena hosts a 4D Barrel Race on October 17, 2026 at 37839 W Grand in Morristown, Arizona, produced by SSR Productions. The flyer lists divisions as Youth, Middles, Senior, Futurity, and Derby. Time-only runs are available from 5:00 to 6:30 PM, with open competition starting at 7:00 PM. Entries are accepted on SaddleBook. This event is part of a Buckle Series requiring attendance at a minimum of four events, with buckles sponsored by Mountain Country Equipment. Contact Hailey at (435) 681-0058 or visit ssrproductions.org for more information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 435-681-0058  |  ssrproductions.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Dillon's Western Trails Arena 4D Barrel Race - Oct 31\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 October 31, 2026  |  Time Only 5:00-6:30 PM / Open Starts 7:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Dillon's Western Trails Arena  37839 W Grand  Morristown  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 4D Barrel Race Series  |  Buckle Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Dillon's Western Trails Arena hosts a 4D Barrel Race on October 31, 2026 at 37839 W Grand in Morristown, Arizona, produced by SSR Productions. The flyer lists divisions as Youth, Middles, Senior, Futurity, and Derby. Time-only runs are available from 5:00 to 6:30 PM, with open competition starting at 7:00 PM. Entries are accepted on SaddleBook. This event is part of a Buckle Series requiring attendance at a minimum of four events, with buckles sponsored by Mountain Country Equipment. Contact Hailey at (435) 681-0058 or visit ssrproductions.org for more information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 435-681-0058  |  ssrproductions.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b The Cup Series - Turkey Cup\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 November 26, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Dillon's Western Trails Arena  Morristown  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Championship  |  $6,400+ to 1st\par}
{\pard\s4 The Cup Series presents The Turkey Cup barrel race at Dillon's Western Trails Arena. In conjunction with Dillon's Thanksgiving Day Race. Entries open Nov 1. $600 entry fee, limited to 200 entries. Projected payout with 80% back and 200 entries: 1st $6,400 & Trophy Cup, 2nd $5,760, 3rd $4,800, 4th $4,000, 5th $3,200, 6th $2,560, 7th $1,920, 8th $1,280, 9th $1,120, 10th $960. Times can be carried over from each run throughout the race. Trophy cups to each D winner. 3D equal payouts on 0.6 splits.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 435-681-0058  |  ssrproductions.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b RODEO\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Buckeye\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 January 23\u8211?25, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Buckeye Arena  Buckeye  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in Buckeye, AZ. Part of the PRCA Turquoise Circuit covering Arizona and New Mexico. Features all standard PRCA events including bull riding, barrel racing, team roping, tie-down roping, saddle bronc, bareback and steer wrestling. Visit buckeyearena.com for details.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.buckeyearena.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Helzapoppin PRCA Rodeo - 97th Annual\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 January 23\u8211?25, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Buckeye Equestrian & Events Center  10300 S Miller Rd  Buckeye  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 The 97th Annual Helzapoppin' PRCA Rodeo \u8212? the Valley's oldest rodeo since 1929. Three days of PRCA professional rodeo featuring bareback riding, steer wrestling, barrel racing, bull riding and more. Mutton Bustin' for kids, vendor marketplace and Tack Room restaurant on site. Turquoise Circuit qualifier. Tickets at buckeyearena.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 623-691-6900  |  info@buckeyearena.com  |  https://www.buckeyearena.com/helzapoppinprcarodeo\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Yuma\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 February 13\u8211?15, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Yuma Rodeo Arena  Yuma  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in Yuma, AZ. Part of the PRCA Turquoise Circuit covering Arizona and New Mexico. Features all classic PRCA events including bull riding, barrel racing, team roping, tie-down roping, saddle bronc, bareback and steer wrestling. Visit yumarodeo.com for tickets and info.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://yumarodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Tucson (La Fiesta de los Vaqueros)\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 February 21\u8211?March 1, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Tucson Rodeo Grounds  4823 S 6th Ave  Tucson  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 La Fiesta de los Vaqueros \u8212? the Tucson Rodeo, one of the oldest and most beloved rodeos in the Southwest. Nine days of PRCA-sanctioned professional rodeo action including the famous Tucson Rodeo Parade. Features all PRCA events. Turquoise Circuit qualifier. Visit tucsonrodeo.com for tickets.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.tucsonrodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Scottsdale\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 5\u8211?8, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 WestWorld of Scottsdale  16601 N Pima Rd  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in Scottsdale at WestWorld. Four days of professional rodeo featuring all PRCA events. Turquoise Circuit points qualifier for Arizona and New Mexico cowboys and cowgirls. Visit the PRCA Business Journal for updated schedule and entry information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.prorodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Roots N Boots Queen Creek Pro Rodeo\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 17\u8211?22, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Horseshoe Park & Equestrian Centre  20464 E Riggs Road  Queen Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Roots N' Boots Queen Creek \u8212? six days of PRCA-sanctioned professional rodeo, ranked Top 5 PRCA Small Rodeo. Eight classic rodeo events including barrel racing, bull riding, team roping and more. Cowboy Marketplace, carnival rides, petting zoo, Friday/Saturday night dances and Sunday Pancake Breakfast. Ticketed event at rootsnboots.org.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-358-3793  |  https://rootsnboots.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Roots N Boots Queen Creek Pro Rodeo - Turquoise Circuit\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 18\u8211?22, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Horseshoe Park & Equestrian Centre  20464 E Riggs Road  Queen Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Roots N' Boots Queen Creek Pro Rodeo \u8212? a Turquoise Circuit PRCA points event and Top 5 PRCA Small Rodeo. Five days of professional rodeo featuring all eight PRCA events. Cowboys and cowgirls earn Turquoise Circuit points here. Cowboy Marketplace, carnival and family activities. Visit rootsnboots.org.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://rootsnboots.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Lake Havasu Stampede\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 20\u8211?22, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Lake Havasu Stampede Arena  Lake Havasu City  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Lake Havasu Stampede \u8212? Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo on the shores of Lake Havasu. Three days of professional rodeo featuring all PRCA events. A popular destination rodeo combining great competition with the scenic beauty of Lake Havasu City. Visit havasustampede.com for tickets and info.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.havasustampede.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Hay Hay Lets Rodeo - Road to the Finals Desert Showdown\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 22, 2026  |  1:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Everett Bowman Arena  Wickenburg  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Junior Roughstock\par}
{\pard\s4 Hay Hay Lets Rodeo Road to the Finals Desert Showdown at Everett Bowman Arena in Wickenburg. Junior Roughstock Association event and YETI Junior NFR qualifier. Admissions by donation. Features multiple roughstock organizations including Leal's, HOG Rodeo, Goat Daddy Roping and Double H.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Cave Creek Fiesta Days\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 26\u8211?29, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Cave Creek Memorial Arena  37201 N 28th St  Cave Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Cave Creek Fiesta Days PRCA Rodeo \u8212? Turquoise Circuit points event at the historic Cave Creek Memorial Arena. Four days of professional rodeo featuring all PRCA events including bull riding, barrel racing and team roping. One of the most popular Arizona circuit rodeos. Visit cavecreekrodeo.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://cavecreekrodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Artesia NM\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 3\u8211?4, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Artesia Rodeo Arena  Artesia  NM\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in Artesia, New Mexico. Two days of professional rodeo featuring all PRCA events. Artesia is a key stop on the Turquoise Circuit covering Arizona and New Mexico. Visit prorodeo.com for updated schedule and entry information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.prorodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Wickenburg\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 4\u8211?5, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Everett Bowman Rodeo Grounds  Wickenburg  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in Wickenburg, AZ at the historic Everett Bowman Rodeo Grounds. Two days of professional rodeo featuring all PRCA events. Wickenburg is a classic western town and longtime rodeo destination on the Turquoise Circuit. Visit prorodeo.com for schedule.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.prorodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Kingman\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 10\u8211?11, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Kingman Rodeo Arena  Kingman  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in Kingman, AZ. Two days of professional rodeo featuring all PRCA events. A Route 66 rodeo stop on the Turquoise Circuit in northwestern Arizona. Visit explorekingman.com for local event details and ticket information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.explorekingman.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b The American Rodeo West Regionals - Timed Event Slack\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 30\u8211?May 1, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Regional Finals\par}
{\pard\s4 The American Rodeo West Regionals Timed Event Slack at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Two days of slack competition for timed event qualifiers vying for a spot at The American. Free to the public. Visit americanrodeo.com for competitor and schedule details.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://americanrodeo.com/regional-finals/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Clovis NM\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 30\u8211?May 2, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Clovis Rodeo Arena  Clovis  NM\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in Clovis, New Mexico. Three days of professional rodeo featuring all PRCA events. Clovis is a major stop on the New Mexico leg of the Turquoise Circuit. Visit prorodeo.com for official schedule and competitor entry details.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.prorodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b The American Rodeo West Regionals - Roughstock Event\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 1, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Regional Finals\par}
{\pard\s4 The American Rodeo West Regionals Roughstock Event at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Top roughstock competitors from the western region compete for their shot at The American. Ticketed event \u8212? purchase at Ticketmaster. Visit americanrodeo.com for details.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://americanrodeo.com/regional-finals/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b The American Rodeo West Regionals\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 2, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Regional Finals\par}
{\pard\s4 The American Rodeo West Regionals final competition day at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Western region's top all-around rodeo competitors battle for advancement to The American. Ticketed event \u8212? purchase at Ticketmaster. Visit americanrodeo.com for full details.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://americanrodeo.com/regional-finals/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Payson (Spring)\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 15\u8211?16, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Payson Rodeo Grounds  Payson  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in Payson, AZ \u8212? spring edition. Two days of professional rodeo in the Rim Country featuring all PRCA events. Payson hosts two circuit rodeos per year, spring and late summer. Visit paysonprorodeo.com for tickets and schedule details.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.paysonprorodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Sells & Sells Production Rodeo - Kayenta 2026\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 15\u8211?16, 2026  |  7:00 PM Performance/Night\par}
{\pard\s3 Kayenta Rodeo Ground  Kayenta  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Production Rodeo  |  Cowboy All-Around $500 / Cowgirl All-Around $500 / Jr. All-Around $250\par}
{\pard\s4 The Sells & Sells Production Rodeo is a two-day event scheduled for May 15 and 16, 2026 at Kayenta Rodeo Ground in Kayenta, Arizona, with performances starting at 7:00 PM each night. The flyer lists events including Steer Riding, Peewee Barrel Racing, Jr. Barrel Racing, Jr. Breakaway Roping, Jr. Bull Riding, Jr. Team Roping, Novice Bareback Riding, Novice Saddle Bronc, Sr. Breakaway Roping, #9 Team Roping, Women's Team Roping, Bareback Riding, Steer Wrestling, Saddle Bronc Riding, Tie Down Roping, Ladies Breakaway Roping, Open Team Roping, Ladies Barrel Racing, and Bull Riding. Entry fees are listed as $50 for Minor Events and $60 for Major Events. All-Around Champion prizes are $500 for Cowboy and Cowgirl, and $250 for Jr. All-Around. Stock contractors listed include Sells & Sells Cattle Co. of Rough Rock AZ, KC Bucking Bull of Lukachukai AZ, and UJ Bucking Horses of Nazlini AZ. Call-ins run May 11 through 13 with Alisa Peacock at (928) 206-3765. Announcer is Harlan Thompson of Lukachukai AZ. Contact: sellssellsproduction02@gmail.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 928-206-3765  |  sellssellsproduction02@gmail.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Window Rock Navajo Nation Fair\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 29\u8211?31, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Window Rock Fairgrounds  Window Rock  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo at the Navajo Nation Fairgrounds in Window Rock, AZ. Three days of professional rodeo honoring the rich Native American rodeo tradition. Features all PRCA events with strong Native American cowboy participation. Visit nnfair.org for schedule and tickets.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.nnfair.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Flagstaff\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 4\u8211?6, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Flagstaff Rodeo Grounds  Flagstaff  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in Flagstaff, AZ. Three days of professional rodeo at 7,000 feet elevation in the pines. Features all PRCA events including bull riding, barrel racing and team roping. A cool summer escape with great rodeo action. Visit flagstaffrodeo.com for tickets.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.flagstaffrodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - El Paso TX\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 19\u8211?21, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 El Paso Rodeo Arena  El Paso  TX\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in El Paso, TX. Three days of professional rodeo on the Texas-New Mexico border. Features all PRCA events with strong participation from Texas, New Mexico and Arizona cowboys. Visit hiloprorodeo.com for tickets and competitor information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://hiloprorodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Santa Fe NM\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 25\u8211?27, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Rodeo de Santa Fe Grounds  Santa Fe  NM\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Rodeo de Santa Fe \u8212? Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in Santa Fe, NM. Three days of professional rodeo in the historic City of Holy Faith. Features all PRCA events. One of the most scenic rodeo settings in the Southwest combining world-class competition with New Mexico culture. Visit rodeodesantafe.org.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://rodeodesantafe.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Prescott World's Oldest Rodeo\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 29\u8211?July 5, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Prescott Frontier Days Rodeo Grounds  Prescott  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Prescott Frontier Days \u8212? the World's Oldest Rodeo, a Turquoise Circuit PRCA event since 1888. Seven days of July 4th professional rodeo featuring all PRCA events. One of Arizona's premier western celebrations combining rodeo, parade and community festivities. Visit worldsoldestrodeo.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://worldsoldestrodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Lovington NM Lea County Fair\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 July 31\u8211?August 8, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Lea County Fair & Rodeo Grounds  Lovington  NM\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo at the Lea County Fair in Lovington, NM. Nine days of professional rodeo and fair activities in southeastern New Mexico. Features all PRCA events. One of the longer-running circuit events on the New Mexico leg of the Turquoise Circuit. Visit leacountyfair.net.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.leacountyfair.net\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Payson (Late Summer)\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 August 21\u8211?22, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Payson Rodeo Grounds  Payson  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in Payson, AZ \u8212? late summer edition. Two days of professional rodeo in the cool Arizona Rim Country. Payson hosts two Turquoise Circuit rodeos per year. Features all PRCA events. Visit paysonprorodeo.com for tickets, schedule and competitor information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.paysonprorodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Socorro NM County Fair\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 August 24\u8211?25, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Socorro County Fairgrounds  Socorro  NM\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo at the Socorro County Fair in Socorro, NM. Two days of professional rodeo and county fair events in central New Mexico. Features all PRCA events. Visit socorronm.gov for schedule and event details.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.socorronm.gov/events/socorro-county-fair-rodeo/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - Scottsdale (Fall)\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 September 1\u8211?30, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 WestWorld of Scottsdale  16601 N Pima Rd  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo in Scottsdale, AZ \u8212? fall edition. Date TBA. Professional rodeo featuring all PRCA events at WestWorld of Scottsdale. One of two Scottsdale stops on the Turquoise Circuit. Visit rodeoscottsdale.com for confirmed dates and ticket information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://rodeoscottsdale.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit PRCA Rodeo - New Mexico State Fair Albuquerque\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 September 10\u8211?20, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 New Mexico State Fairgrounds  300 San Pedro Dr NE  Albuquerque  NM\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit PRCA Pro Rodeo at the New Mexico State Fair in Albuquerque. Eleven days of professional rodeo at one of the largest state fairs in the Southwest. Features all PRCA events. A major Turquoise Circuit points event drawing top competitors from AZ and NM. Visit statefair.exponm.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://statefair.exponm.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Sonoita Ranch Rodeo 2026\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 September 12\u8211?13, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Sonoita Ranch Rodeo  Sonoita  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Ranch Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 The Sonoita Ranch Rodeo has announced a two-day event scheduled for September 12 and 13, 2026. The flyer indicates this will be a two-day format and notes that a new schedule will be released. The specific venue address, entry fees, event schedule, and contact details were not listed on this flyer. This announcement-only flyer advises participants to watch for updated schedule information. Additional details should be confirmed when the new schedule is released by the Sonoita Ranch Rodeo organization.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b The Desert Crown Youth Rodeo\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 October 30\u8211?November 1, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Buckeye Equestrian & Events Center  10300 S Miller Rd  Buckeye  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 The Desert Crown Youth Rodeo at Buckeye Equestrian and Events Center. Presented by Paloma Ready Mix and Materials. Arizona High School Rodeo Association sanctioned event featuring youth rodeo competition over three days. A premier youth rodeo in the Phoenix metro area.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i buckeyearena.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Turquoise Circuit Finals Rodeo\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 November 5\u8211?7, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Cave Creek Memorial Arena Rodeo Grounds  37201 N 28th St  Cave Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 PRCA Circuit Finals\par}
{\pard\s4 Turquoise Circuit Finals Rodeo in Cave Creek \u8212? the championship event for the PRCA Turquoise Circuit covering Arizona and New Mexico. Top two qualifiers from each event advance to the RAM National Circuit Finals. Three nights of elite rodeo with VIP Turquoise Trail Lounge and High Desert Sky Box options. Tickets at turquoisecircuitfinalsrodeo.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://www.turquoisecircuitfinalsrodeo.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b BULL RIDING\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Gold Buckle Bullfights and BBQ Festival\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 4, 2026  |  2:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Buckeye Equestrian & Events Center  10300 S Miller Rd  Buckeye  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Bullfight/Festival\par}
{\pard\s4 Gold Buckle Bullfights and BBQ Festival at Buckeye Equestrian Center. Three rounds of world-class bullfighting plus barrel racing for a Gold Buckle. Top pitmasters compete for BBQ supremacy with an amateur rib contest. Live music by Matt Farris and Tony Buckman. Bounce houses, mechanical bull and family fun. Tickets at aftontickets.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 623-691-6900  |  info@buckeyearena.com  |  https://www.buckeyearena.com/goldbucklebullfightandbbqfest\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Mile High PBR\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 10\u8211?11, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Findlay Toyota Center  Prescott Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Professional Event\par}
{\pard\s4 It's Bull Time! Mile High PBR brings the PBR Touring Pro Division to Prescott Valley for two nights of world-class bull riding action. Watch the best bull riders in the sport compete against elite bucking bulls at the Findlay Toyota Center. Sponsored by Yavapai Bottle Gas, Coors Light, and Bucky's Casino. This event draws top competitors seeking valuable PBR points and offers fans an up-close experience with professional bull riding. A must-attend for rodeo fans in the high country seeking adrenaline-pumping western entertainment.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Challenge of Champions Bull Riding\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 18, 2026  |  7:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Buckeye Equestrian & Events Center  10300 S Miller Rd  Buckeye  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Championship\par}
{\pard\s4 Challenge of Champions Tour Bull Riding at Buckeye Equestrian Center \u8212? this event sold out last year. One night of elite bull riding under the covered arena. Gates open 5 PM, action starts 7 PM. VIP tables, box seats and general admission available. RV camping on site. Tickets at aftontickets.com \u8212? don't wait.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 623-691-6900  |  info@buckeyearena.com  |  https://www.buckeyearena.com/cctbullriding\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b A Place for Hannah Poker Run and Bull Riding\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 18, 2026  |  7:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Buckeye Equestrian & Events Center  10300 S Miller Rd  Buckeye  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Charity Event\par}
{\pard\s4 A Place for Hannah Poker Run and Bull Riding at Buckeye Equestrian Center. Charity event combining a community poker run with evening bull riding action. Poker run begins at 7 AM. A family-friendly event supporting a meaningful cause in the Buckeye equestrian community.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 623-691-6900  |  info@buckeyearena.com  |  https://www.buckeyearena.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Bull Bash Championship Bullriding\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 12\u8211?13, 2026  |  7:30 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Stargazer Pavilion - Cliff Castle Casino Hotel  555 Middle Verde Rd  Camp Verde  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Championship  |  $3500 Added\par}
{\pard\s4 Bull Bash Championship Bullriding returns to Stargazer Pavilion at Cliff Castle Casino in Camp Verde. Open $3,000 added/$100 entry, Novice $500 added/$75 entry, both 100% payback. Mutton Bustin' 6 & under $20 at 6:30 PM. Entries open June 1\u8211?5. Text 928-821-0489 to enter.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 928-821-0489  |  https://cliffcastlecasinohotel.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b American Bucking Bull Inc World Finals\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 October 31\u8211?November 5, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 World Finals\par}
{\pard\s4 American Bucking Bull Inc (ABBI) World Finals at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Six days of championship bull riding and bucking bull competition with the world's top bulls and riders. Free to the public. Visit americanbuckingbull.com for full schedule and competition details.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  http://www.americanbuckingbull.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Thirsty Thursday Open Mic and Bull Riding Practice\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 Thursdays  |  6:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Roadrunner Restaurant and Saloon  47801 N Black Canyon Hwy  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Weekly Practice\par}
{\pard\s4 Weekly Thirsty Thursday night at Roadrunner Restaurant and Saloon on Black Canyon Hwy. Open Mic 6\u8211?9 PM with live music talent. Live Bull Riding Practice starts at 7 PM. A unique Arizona combo of country music and roughstock action every Thursday night.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b GYMKHANA\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Tri City Speedsters Gymkhana Saddle Series - March 29\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 29, 2026  |  10:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Olsen's Events Arena  344 S Hwy 89  Chino Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Tri City Speedsters 2026 Gymkhana Saddle Series at Olsen's Events Arena in Chino Valley. Exciting speed events for riders of all ages and experience levels in a welcoming and supportive environment. Classes include Lead Line (all ages), Walk Trot (all ages), Cow Pokes (all ages), Speed Limit/Slower Speeds, Buckaroos 10 & Under, Junior Mustangs 11-13, Senior Mustangs 14-17, Silver Spurs 18-49, and Rusty Spurs 50+. Enter at Saddlebook.com. Series dates: Mar 29 and Apr 12 at Olsen's Events Arena, May 2 at Prescott Rodeo Grounds, June 6 and 27 at Olsen's Events Arena. Rain out date July 11.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i Ashley 970-739-3765  |  www.tricitspeedsters.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Huachuca Saddle Club Gymkhana Series 1 - April 11\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 11, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 The Outlaw Arena  8191 E Barataria Blvd  Hereford  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Huachuca Saddle Club Gymkhana Series at The Outlaw Arena in Hereford. Barrels, poles, and two additional classes across six age divisions from lead line to 40 & over. Adult $9/class, Youth $8/class, or $40 flat for members. Must ride 3 of 4 dates to qualify for awards.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i www.huachucasaddleclub.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Tri City Speedsters Gymkhana Saddle Series - April 12\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 12, 2026  |  10:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Olsen's Events Arena  344 S Hwy 89  Chino Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Tri City Speedsters 2026 Gymkhana Saddle Series at Olsen's Events Arena in Chino Valley. Exciting speed events for riders of all ages and experience levels. Classes include Lead Line, Walk Trot, Cow Pokes, Speed Limit/Slower Speeds, Buckaroos 10 & Under, Junior Mustangs 11-13, Senior Mustangs 14-17, Silver Spurs 18-49, and Rusty Spurs 50+. Enter at Saddlebook.com. Rain out date July 11.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i Ashley 970-739-3765  |  www.tricitspeedsters.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b 3 Cans Up Summer Gymkhana Series - April 18\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 18, 2026  |  10:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Olsen's Arena  344 S Hwy 89  Chino Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 3 Cans Up Summer Gymkhana Series at Olsen's Arena in Chino Valley. Aged classes $60/4 events (3 speed + 1 obstacle), Leadline $30, Lil' Wranglers $40. Age divisions 11-under through 50+, Cruizers and Men's class. Buckles, awards and Target Saddle to series winner. Must attend 5 of 6. Call Chris 928-716-2362.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 928-716-2362\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Scottsdale Saddle Club Gymkhana - April 19\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 19, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Scottsdale Rodeo Grounds  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Scottsdale Saddle Club gymkhana at the Rodeo Grounds featuring professional grade ground and facilities with divisions for every level of rider. Part of the 2026 season series running monthly through December. Visit scottsdalesaddleclub.com for full details, classes, and entry information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i www.scottsdalesaddleclub.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Missionview Saddle Club Two Day Gymkhana\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 25\u8211?26, 2026  |  Sat: Books 7:30AM Grand Entry 8AM Show 8:30AM, Sun: Books 7:30AM Show 8AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Pima County Fairgrounds  11300 S Houghton Rd  Tucson  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Competition  |  $100/rider\par}
{\pard\s4 Missionview Saddle Club Two Day Gymkhana at Pima County Fairgrounds in Tucson. Cash and prizes paid for each event and age group with high point and runner-up winners each day plus overall 2-day winners per age group. Age groups include Buckaroo (lead line), 10 & Under, and up to 4 additional age groups based on entries. Saturday events: Barrels, Tailspin, Streaking Poles, Double Bowtie. Sunday events: Horseshoe Barrels, Speed Barrels, Pylon, Bowtie. Entry $100/rider both days, $55 one day. Buckaroo $60 both days, $35 one day. Capped at 100 riders; Buckaroo capped at 15. Entry deadline April 13, $10 late fee. Raffles and 50/50 raffle each day. Riders bringing in $150 in advertising have entry fee waived.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i missionviewsaddleclub.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Arizona Saddle Club Gymkhana Saddle Series - April 26\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 26, 2026  |  5:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Dunns Arena  Litchfield Park  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Arizona Saddle Club Gymkhana Saddle Series at Dunns Arena in Litchfield Park. Books open 4 PM, start 5 PM. Ribbons 1st\u8211?5th in each age group, trophies for high point and reserve champion. Series high point winner in each age group earns a saddle. Visit arizonasaddleclub.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://arizonasaddleclub.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Tri City Speedsters Gymkhana Saddle Series - May 2\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 2, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Prescott Rodeo Grounds  Prescott  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Tri City Speedsters 2026 Gymkhana Saddle Series at Prescott Rodeo Grounds. Exciting speed events for riders of all ages and experience levels. Classes include Lead Line, Walk Trot, Cow Pokes, Speed Limit/Slower Speeds, Buckaroos 10 & Under, Junior Mustangs 11-13, Senior Mustangs 14-17, Silver Spurs 18-49, and Rusty Spurs 50+. Enter at Saddlebook.com. Rain out date July 11.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i Ashley 970-739-3765  |  www.tricitspeedsters.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Huachuca Saddle Club Gymkhana Series 1 - May 9\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 9, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 The Outlaw Arena  8191 E Barataria Blvd  Hereford  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Huachuca Saddle Club Gymkhana Series at The Outlaw Arena in Hereford. Barrels, poles, and two additional classes across six age divisions from lead line to 40 & over. Adult $9/class, Youth $8/class, or $40 flat for members. Must ride 3 of 4 dates to qualify for awards.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i www.huachucasaddleclub.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Scottsdale Saddle Club Gymkhana - May 16\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 16, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Scottsdale Rodeo Grounds  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Scottsdale Saddle Club gymkhana at the Rodeo Grounds featuring professional grade ground and facilities with divisions for every level of rider. Part of the 2026 season series running monthly through December. Visit scottsdalesaddleclub.com for full details, classes, and entry information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i www.scottsdalesaddleclub.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Tri City Speedsters Gymkhana Saddle Series - June 6\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 6, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Olsen's Events Arena  344 S Hwy 89  Chino Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Tri City Speedsters 2026 Gymkhana Saddle Series at Olsen's Events Arena in Chino Valley. Exciting speed events for riders of all ages and experience levels. Classes include Lead Line, Walk Trot, Cow Pokes, Speed Limit/Slower Speeds, Buckaroos 10 & Under, Junior Mustangs 11-13, Senior Mustangs 14-17, Silver Spurs 18-49, and Rusty Spurs 50+. Enter at Saddlebook.com. Rain out date July 11.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i Ashley 970-739-3765  |  www.tricitspeedsters.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Tri City Speedsters Gymkhana Saddle Series - June 27\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 27, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Olsen's Events Arena  344 S Hwy 89  Chino Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Tri City Speedsters 2026 Gymkhana Saddle Series at Olsen's Events Arena in Chino Valley. Exciting speed events for riders of all ages and experience levels. Classes include Lead Line, Walk Trot, Cow Pokes, Speed Limit/Slower Speeds, Buckaroos 10 & Under, Junior Mustangs 11-13, Senior Mustangs 14-17, Silver Spurs 18-49, and Rusty Spurs 50+. Enter at Saddlebook.com. Rain out date July 11.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i Ashley 970-739-3765  |  www.tricitspeedsters.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Scottsdale Saddle Club Gymkhana - September 19\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 September 19, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Scottsdale Rodeo Grounds  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Scottsdale Saddle Club gymkhana at the Rodeo Grounds featuring professional grade ground and facilities with divisions for every level of rider. Part of the 2026 season series running monthly through December. Visit scottsdalesaddleclub.com for full details, classes, and entry information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i www.scottsdalesaddleclub.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Scottsdale Saddle Club Gymkhana - October 3\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 October 3, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Scottsdale Rodeo Grounds  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Scottsdale Saddle Club gymkhana at the Rodeo Grounds featuring professional grade ground and facilities with divisions for every level of rider. Part of the 2026 season series running monthly through December. Visit scottsdalesaddleclub.com for full details, classes, and entry information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i www.scottsdalesaddleclub.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Scottsdale Saddle Club Gymkhana - November 22\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 November 22, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Scottsdale Rodeo Grounds  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Scottsdale Saddle Club gymkhana at the Rodeo Grounds featuring professional grade ground and facilities with divisions for every level of rider. Part of the 2026 season series running monthly through December. Visit scottsdalesaddleclub.com for full details, classes, and entry information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i www.scottsdalesaddleclub.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Scottsdale Saddle Club Gymkhana - December 5\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 December 5, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Scottsdale Rodeo Grounds  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Series\par}
{\pard\s4 Scottsdale Saddle Club gymkhana at the Rodeo Grounds featuring professional grade ground and facilities with divisions for every level of rider. Part of the 2026 season series running monthly through December. Visit scottsdalesaddleclub.com for full details, classes, and entry information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i www.scottsdalesaddleclub.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Chandler Vaqueros Saddle Club Rodeo\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 Saturdays Sept-May\par}
{\pard\s3 Horseshoe Park & Equestrian Centre  20464 E Riggs Road  Queen Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Club Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 Chandler Vaqueros Saddle Club monthly rodeos at Horseshoe Park \u8212? season runs September through May. Events include Goat Pulling, Goat Tying, Barrel Racing, Pole Bending and Speed events. Age groups 3\u8211?8, 9\u8211?12, 13\u8211?18, 19\u8211?39 and 40+. Free for spectators. All levels welcome, volunteer-run nonprofit club.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-358-3793\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b CUTTING\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Arizona Cutting Horse Association - Sun Circuit\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 February 4\u8211?8, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Horseshoe Park & Equestrian Centre  20464 E Riggs Road  Queen Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 NCHA Sanctioned Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Arizona Cutting Horse Association Sun Circuit at Horseshoe Park \u8212? five days of NCHA-sanctioned cutting horse competition. Open to all levels with classes for Non-Pro, Amateur, Limited and Youth. One of seven AZCHA events held October through May at Horseshoe Park. Contact Kathy Unfried 928-277-6103.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-358-3793  |  https://azcha.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Arizona Cutting Horse Association - Wild West and Way Out West\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 February 24\u8211?March 1, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Horseshoe Park & Equestrian Centre  20464 E Riggs Road  Queen Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 NCHA Sanctioned Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Arizona Cutting Horse Association Wild West and Way Out West combined show at Horseshoe Park \u8212? six days of NCHA-sanctioned cutting. Features the Way Out West class for select horses and Open, Non-Pro and Amateur divisions. One of AZCHA's premier events of the season. Contact Kathy Unfried 928-277-6103.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-358-3793  |  https://azcha.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Arizona Cutting Horse Association - May Madness and Novice Challenge\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 29\u8211?May 3, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Horseshoe Park & Equestrian Centre  20464 E Riggs Road  Queen Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 NCHA Sanctioned Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Arizona Cutting Horse Association May Madness and Novice Challenge at Horseshoe Park \u8212? five days of NCHA-sanctioned cutting including the Novice Challenge for newer horses and riders. Open, Non-Pro, Amateur and Novice divisions. Contact Kathy Unfried at 928-277-6103 or arizonacuttinghorse@gmail.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-358-3793  |  https://azcha.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b NCHA Days - Tri-Lakes CHA (Ozark Circuit)\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 29\u8211?31, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 NCHA Days (affiliate-produced)  Lakeview  AR\par}
{\pard\s3 NCHA Days (Circuit Program)\par}
{\pard\s4 Tri-Lakes CHA hosts the Ozark Circuit's NCHA Days event in Lakeview, Arkansas. NCHA Days is a circuit program spotlight that delivers double circuit points, plus added money and awards, in an exclusive May show window. It's an ideal weekend for riders and owners looking to make a meaningful jump in circuit standings with a single focused event.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 817-244-6188  |  https://www.nchacutting.com/ncha-shows/circuit-program/ncha-weekend-events\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b PCCHA Reyzin The Cash Derby\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 5\u8211?14, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Derby\par}
{\pard\s4 PCCHA Reyzin The Cash Derby at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Ten days of Pacific Coast Cutting Horse Association competition featuring the top cutting horses and riders on the West Coast. Free to the public. Visit pccha.com for entry information and full class schedule.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://pccha.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b PCCHA Holy Cow Performance Horses and Super Futurity\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 September 21\u8211?26, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Futurity\par}
{\pard\s4 PCCHA Holy Cow Performance Horses and Super Futurity at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Six days of Pacific Coast Cutting Horse Association futurity competition featuring young horses and top trainers competing for major prizes. Free to the public. Visit pccha.com for full schedule.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://pccha.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Arizona Cutting Horse Association - Oktoberfest\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 October 13\u8211?18, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Horseshoe Park & Equestrian Centre  20464 E Riggs Road  Queen Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 NCHA Sanctioned Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Arizona Cutting Horse Association Oktoberfest at Horseshoe Park \u8212? six days of fall NCHA-sanctioned cutting horse competition. Open, Non-Pro, Amateur, Limited and Youth divisions. One of AZCHA's premier fall events kicking off the new season. Contact Kathy Unfried 928-277-6103 or arizonacuttinghorse@gmail.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-358-3793  |  https://azcha.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b REINING\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b The Run For A Million\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 August 12\u8211?15, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Championship  |  $1,000,000\par}
{\pard\s4 The Run For A Million at South Point Arena \u8212? the richest reining event in the world with a $1 million purse. Features Reining, Cutting Horse Challenge, Cow Horse Challenge, Youth and Non-Pro events. Free general admission with ticketed championship nights. Visit therunforamillion.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://therunforamillion.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b High Roller Reining Classic Horse Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 September 10\u8211?17, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Classic\par}
{\pard\s4 High Roller Reining Classic at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Eight days of premier NRHA-affiliated reining competition. One of the most prestigious reining events of the fall season with Open, Non-Pro, Amateur and Youth divisions. Free to the public. Visit highrollerreiningclassic.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  http://www.highrollerreiningclassic.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b REINED COW HORSE\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b NRCHA Kimes Ranch Derby\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 27\u8211?June 6, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 WestWorld of Scottsdale  16601 N Pima Rd  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Premier Event\par}
{\pard\s4 One of NRCHA's premier major events for 4- and 5-year-old cow horses, offering multiple divisions from Open and Non Pro to boxing and limited classes. The Derby features snaffle and hackamore competition, special spectacles (including bridle events), and a Run For A Million qualifier. Two weeks of shows, vendors, and championship finals at WestWorld.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 940-488-1500  |  rexwager@aol.com  |  https://www.nrcha.com/events/nrcha-derby/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b COW HORSE\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b NRCHA Stallion Stakes\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 2\u8211?12, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Rated Show\par}
{\pard\s4 NRCHA Stallion Stakes at South Point Arena in Las Vegas \u8212? one of the premier cow horse events in the world. Eleven days of reined cow horse competition featuring the nation's top stallions and professionals. Free to the public. Visit nrcha.com for class schedule and entry info.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://www.nrcha.com/events/stallion-stakes/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b RANCH VERSATILITY\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b AZVRHA Ranch Versatility Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 17\u8211?19, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 TBD  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Rated Show\par}
{\pard\s4 AZVRHA Ranch Versatility Horse Association show \u8212? dates updated to April 17\u8211?19 to avoid event conflicts. Three days of ranch versatility competition. Full schedule, flyers and registration details coming soon. Follow AZVRHA on social media for updates. #RanchVersatility #HorseShowReady.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b RANCH SORTING\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b CINCH All Star Super Sort\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 November 20\u8211?22, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Championship\par}
{\pard\s4 CINCH All Star Super Sort at South Point's Priefert Pavilion in Las Vegas. Three days of premier ranch sorting competition sponsored by CINCH. Open to competitors of all skill levels. Free to the public. Visit rsnc.us for entry information, divisions and full schedule.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://rsnc.us/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b TEAM PENNING\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Let It Ride Team Penning and Ranch Sorting\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 22\u8211?25, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Championship\par}
{\pard\s4 Let It Ride Team Penning and Ranch Sorting at South Point's Priefert Pavilion in Las Vegas. Four days of Legacy Championships-sanctioned penning and sorting competition. Free to the public. Visit legacychampionships.wordpress.com for divisions and entry info.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://legacychampionships.wordpress.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b CATTLE SORTING\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Sorta Sorting Practice & Ranch Horse Activities\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 Wednesdays/Saturdays  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Flying E Ranch - New Arena  28012 W Wickenburg Way  Wickenburg  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Weekly Practice\par}
{\pard\s4 Weekly sorta sorting practice plus obstacle course and trail course at Flying E Ranch's new arena in Wickenburg. Wednesdays and Saturdays starting at 9 AM. Presented by Wickenburg's Ultimate Ranch & Stock Horse Challenge. Open to all levels looking to sharpen their skills.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b WORKING EQUITATION\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Arizona Working Equitation Club Youth Clinic - Apr 18\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 18, 2026  |  8:00 am - 5:00 pm\par}
{\pard\s3 3-H Ranch  7120 E Coyote Trail  Cornville  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Clinic  |  FREE\par}
{\pard\s4 FREE Youth Working Equitation Clinics with clinicians Summer Star (International Youth Working Equitation Competitor, Portugal 2024) and Judy Mackenzie (USAWE Professional Instructor). Working Equitation is the fastest growing equestrian discipline in the USA, comprising 4 phases: Dressage, Ease of Handling (Obstacles), Speed, and Cattle. Level 1 is walk/trot only, Levels 2+ include canter. Riders can ride English or Western - for riders up to 17 years old. DATES/LOCATIONS: Feb 21 at 3-H Ranch, 7120 E Coyote Trail, Cornville, AZ. Mar 7 at 4 Star Ranch, 5550 E Longhorn Road, Chino Valley, AZ. Apr 18 at 3-H Ranch, Cornville, AZ. Overnight stalls/dry camping available. Attend one, two, or all three sessions. Limited spots!\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 303-358-6118  |  rexwager@aol.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Working Equitation Clinic with Tessa Nicolet\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 6\u8211?7, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Four Beat Ranch LLC  Concho  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Clinic\par}
{\pard\s4 Working equitation clinic and private lessons with Tessa Nicolet, USAWE Professional Instructor and L Judge. Full day clinic covers dressage and obstacle handling. June 7 offers custom private lessons. New and experienced riders welcome. Camping and pens available. Sign up at CohesiveHorsemanship.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i Tessa@cohesivehorsemanship.com  |  www.CohesiveHorsemanship.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b WESTERN\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Show Me The Money - Heidi Horse Shows Western Competition\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 15\u8211?19, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Heidi Horse Shows presents Show Me The Money \u8212? five days of western competition at LAEC featuring a full slate of classes across multiple divisions including western pleasure, horsemanship, reining and ranch riding. Open to exhibitors from across the region. Free for spectators. Visit heidihorseshows.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://www.heidihorseshows.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b STOCK HORSE\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b National Stock Horse Association Futurity and Derby\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 August 18\u8211?23, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Futurity/Derby\par}
{\pard\s4 National Stock Horse Association Futurity and Derby at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Six days of NSHA competition showcasing top stock horses in ranch riding, reining and cow horse events. Free to the public. Visit nationalstockhorse.com for class schedule and entry details.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://nationalstockhorse.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b HUNTER/JUMPER\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b K/A Productions - Jump Into Spring Hunter Jumper Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 March 6\u8211?8, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 K/A Productions Jump Into Spring horse show at the Los Angeles Equestrian Center. Three days of accessible, welcoming competition for hunter/jumper riders of all levels in a supportive show environment. Free for spectators. Visit ka-productions.com for class schedule and entry information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://www.ka-productions.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Pacific Ridge Show Jumping - Spring 1 (National)\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 9\u8211?12, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 National Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Pacific Ridge Show Jumping Spring 1 National at LAEC \u8212? four days of USEF national-level hunter/jumper competition at the iconic LA Equestrian Center in Burbank. New footing upgrades for 2026. Part of a 10-event series April through October. Spectators free. Entries at prsj.showgroundslive.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://pacificridgeshowjumping.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Pacific Ridge Show Jumping - Spring 2 (Regional)\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 1\u8211?3, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 Regional Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Pacific Ridge Show Jumping Spring 2 Regional at LAEC \u8212? three days of regional hunter/jumper competition. Designed to be more accessible and affordable than the national shows, inviting riders who can't commit to multi-week circuits. Free for spectators. Entries at prsj.showgroundslive.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://pacificridgeshowjumping.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Hunter/Jumper Clinic with Jill Craven\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 2, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 United Farms  4073 South Ln  Heber  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Clinic  |  $200\par}
{\pard\s4 Hunter/jumper clinic with Jill Craven at United Farms in Heber. All levels welcome and encouraged. Limited to just 10 riders with $50 non-refundable deposit required. Gates open at 8 AM. Contact United Farms at (602) 540-0876 to reserve your spot.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i (602) 540-0876\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Pacific Ridge Show Jumping - Spring 3 (Regional)\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 8\u8211?10, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 Regional Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Pacific Ridge Show Jumping Spring 3 Regional at LAEC \u8212? three days of regional hunter/jumper competition at the Los Angeles Equestrian Center in Burbank. Part of the 10-event 2026 Pacific Ridge series spanning April through October. Free for spectators. Entries at prsj.showgroundslive.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://pacificridgeshowjumping.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Pacific Ridge Show Jumping - Summer 1\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 5\u8211?7, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 National Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Pacific Ridge Show Jumping Summer 1 at LAEC \u8212? part of the 10-event 2026 series spanning April through October at the Los Angeles Equestrian Center in Burbank. National-level hunter/jumper competition with new footing upgrades. Free for spectators. Entries at prsj.showgroundslive.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://pacificridgeshowjumping.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Pacific Ridge Show Jumping - Summer 2\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 July 10\u8211?12, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 Regional Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Pacific Ridge Show Jumping Summer 2 at LAEC \u8212? part of the 10-event 2026 series spanning April through October at the Los Angeles Equestrian Center in Burbank. Regional-level hunter/jumper competition with new footing upgrades. Free for spectators. Entries at prsj.showgroundslive.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://pacificridgeshowjumping.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Pacific Ridge Show Jumping - Summer 3\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 August 7\u8211?9, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 National Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Pacific Ridge Show Jumping Summer 3 at LAEC \u8212? part of the 10-event 2026 series spanning April through October at the Los Angeles Equestrian Center in Burbank. National-level hunter/jumper competition with new footing upgrades. Free for spectators. Entries at prsj.showgroundslive.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://pacificridgeshowjumping.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Pacific Ridge Show Jumping - Fall 1\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 September 11\u8211?13, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 Regional Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Pacific Ridge Show Jumping Fall 1 at LAEC \u8212? part of the 10-event 2026 series spanning April through October at the Los Angeles Equestrian Center in Burbank. Regional-level hunter/jumper competition with new footing upgrades. Free for spectators. Entries at prsj.showgroundslive.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://pacificridgeshowjumping.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Pacific Ridge Show Jumping - Fall 2 (Finals)\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 October 16\u8211?18, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 National Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Pacific Ridge Show Jumping Fall 2 (Finals) at LAEC \u8212? part of the 10-event 2026 series spanning April through October at the Los Angeles Equestrian Center in Burbank. National-level hunter/jumper competition with new footing upgrades. Free for spectators. Entries at prsj.showgroundslive.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://pacificridgeshowjumping.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b K/A Productions - SCHSA Hunter Derby Finals\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 October 16\u8211?18, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 National Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 K/A Productions SCHSA Hunter Derby Finals at LAEC \u8212? featuring the $15,000 SCHSA Hunter Derby Finals, jumper classics and costume classes. Three days of competition with year-end division champions. Free for spectators. Visit ka-productions.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://www.ka-productions.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Pacific Ridge Show Jumping - Fall 3\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 October 23\u8211?25, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 Regional Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Pacific Ridge Show Jumping Fall 3 at LAEC \u8212? part of the 10-event 2026 series spanning April through October at the Los Angeles Equestrian Center in Burbank. Regional-level hunter/jumper competition with new footing upgrades. Free for spectators. Entries at prsj.showgroundslive.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://pacificridgeshowjumping.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Marshall Sterling USHJA National Championships\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 November 9\u8211?15, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 National Championship\par}
{\pard\s4 Marshall+Sterling/USHJA National Championships at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Seven days of US Hunter Jumper Association national championship competition for hunters, jumpers and equitation riders of all levels. Free to the public. Visit ushja.org for class schedule and qualifying requirements.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://www.ushja.org/competition/national-championship\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b DRESSAGE\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Dressage at Spear-Cross (Recognized Show)\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 4\u8211?5, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Spear-Cross Equine Center of Scottsdale  28475 N. 84th Street  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Rated Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Spring edition of the Dressage at Spear-Cross USDF/USEF recognized show. Two days of competition designed for riders seeking qualifying scores and a polished show experience at a top Scottsdale facility. Entries are accepted through Fox Village, with classes spanning multiple levels and divisions.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i (480) 650-9661  |  https://azdressage.org/event/dressage-at-spear-cross/2026-04-04/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b TDC Schooling Show - April 4\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 4, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Amado Equine Hacienda  Amado  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Schooling Show\par}
{\pard\s4 TDC Schooling Show hosted by the Tucson Dressage Club at Amado Equine Hacienda. A friendly, low-pressure competition for dressage riders of all levels \u8212? perfect for horses and riders gaining show experience or preparing for rated competition. Judge: Carol Haney. Entries due March 27. For more info and prize entries visit tucsondressageclub.org.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://tucsondressageclub.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b ADA Schooling Show Series (CARA) - Sherlin Consulting Group Sponsor\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 12, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Central Arizona Riding Academy (CARA)  41656 N Rattlesnake Rd  San Tan Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Schooling Show\par}
{\pard\s4 ADA's one-day schooling show at Central Arizona Riding Academy features USDF dressage tests (plus WDAA options) in a supportive format that's ideal for building confidence and show experience. Expect a well-run day with judge feedback and a friendly atmosphere for riders moving up levels or introducing young horses.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i (480) 580-0634  |  https://azdressage.org/event/ada-schooling-show-series-sponsored-by-sherlin-consulting-group-2/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Schooling Show (NACADA) - Freeman Farms\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 18, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Freeman Farms  1096 E. Road 3 South  Chino Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Schooling Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Northern Arizona Chapter of ADA (NACADA) hosts a classical and western dressage schooling show at Freeman Farms in Chino Valley. A practical, low-pressure outing for riders wanting test experience, feedback, and a supportive community atmosphere. Entry and details are provided through NACADA's calendar and entry page.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://azdressage.org/event/schooling-show-nacada/2026-04-18/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b LA Spring Dressage\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 25\u8211?26, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 Horse Show\par}
{\pard\s4 LA Spring Dressage at the Los Angeles Equestrian Center \u8212? two days of dressage competition presented by Cornerstone Dressage. Open to riders across all levels from Introductory through Grand Prix. Free for spectators. Visit cornerstonedressage.com for class schedule and entry details.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://cornerstonedressage.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b TDC Schooling Show - April 26\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 26, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Circle D  900 N Circle D Way  Tucson  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Schooling Show\par}
{\pard\s4 TDC Schooling Show hosted by the Tucson Dressage Club at Circle D in Tucson. Open to dressage riders seeking a welcoming show environment with quality judging. Judge: Nathalie Eikel-Baughman. Entries due April 21. For more info and prize entries visit tucsondressageclub.org.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://tucsondressageclub.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Central Arizona Riding Academy (CARA) Schooling Show Series\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 10, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Central Arizona Riding Academy (CARA)  41656 N Rattlesnake Rd  San Tan Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Schooling Show\par}
{\pard\s4 CARA's May schooling show is a one-day dressage test opportunity focused on good mileage and constructive judging in a relaxed environment. Great for riders prepping for summer and fall recognized shows, introducing horses to the show ring, or simply putting a test on paper. Registration details are posted on CARA's website.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i (480) 580-0634  |  https://azdressage.org/event/central-arizona-riding-academy-schooling-show-series/2026-05-10/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b ADA Summer Heat Recognized Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 13, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 WestWorld of Scottsdale  16601 N Pima Rd  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Rated Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Arizona Dressage Association's Summer Heat recognized show offers USDF/USEF qualifying-score opportunities in a professionally managed setting at WestWorld of Scottsdale. Open to multiple levels and divisions, including Para Dressage and Western Dressage, with scheduling designed to avoid peak heat. Ideal for riders targeting championships and year-end awards.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://azdressage.org/event/ada-summer-heat-recognized-show/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b ADA Some More Summer Heat Recognized Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 14, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 WestWorld of Scottsdale  16601 N Pima Rd  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Rated Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Back-to-back with Summer Heat, ADA's Some More Summer Heat recognized show provides another full day to earn USDF/USEF qualifying scores at WestWorld of Scottsdale. Competitors can maximize travel by riding both days, with divisions spanning Intro through Grand Prix plus Para and Western Dressage options. A strong mid-summer checkpoint for fall goals.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://azdressage.org/event/ada-some-more-summer-heat/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Central Arizona Riding Academy (CARA) Schooling Show Series\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 27, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Central Arizona Riding Academy (CARA)  41656 N Rattlesnake Rd  San Tan Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Schooling Show\par}
{\pard\s4 CARA's late-June schooling show is a one-day dressage test event built for practical show experience and helpful judge feedback. A good option for riders wanting to keep horses in a consistent competition routine through the summer. Visit CARA online for entries, schedules, and any division updates.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i (480) 580-0634  |  https://azdressage.org/event/central-arizona-riding-academy-schooling-show-series/2026-06-27/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Schooling Show (NACADA) - Freeman Farms\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 July 18, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Freeman Farms  1096 E. Road 3 South  Chino Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Schooling Show\par}
{\pard\s4 NACADA's July schooling show at Freeman Farms offers classical and western dressage tests in a welcoming, educational setting. Designed for riders seeking mileage, feedback, and a relaxed competition day in Northern Arizona. Entries and show specifics are posted on NACADA's calendar and entry page.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://azdressage.org/event/schooling-show-nacada/2026-07-18/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Schooling Show (NACADA) - Freeman Farms\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 September 5, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Freeman Farms  1096 E. Road 3 South  Chino Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Schooling Show\par}
{\pard\s4 September NACADA schooling show at Freeman Farms in Chino Valley features classical and western dressage tests with a supportive show atmosphere. A strong tune-up before fall championships and recognized shows, with an emphasis on learning and good horsemanship. See NACADA's entry page for the latest details and forms.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://azdressage.org/event/schooling-show-nacada/2026-09-05/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b ADA Fall Fiesta (Double Show) & Arizona State Dressage Championships\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 November 7\u8211?8, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 WestWorld of Scottsdale  16601 N Pima Rd  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Rated Show\par}
{\pard\s4 ADA's Fall Fiesta is a two-day USDF/USEF recognized double show that also hosts the Arizona State Dressage Championships at WestWorld of Scottsdale. Riders compete for qualifying scores, year-end recognition, and state championship titles across multiple levels and divisions, including Para and Western Dressage. A marquee fall destination show for Arizona dressage.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://azdressage.org/event/fall-fiesta-recognized-show-arizona-state-dressage-championship/2026-11-07/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Dressage at Spear-Cross (Recognized Level 2 Show)\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 December 12\u8211?13, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Spear-Cross Equine Center of Scottsdale  28475 N. 84th Street  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Rated Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Year-end Dressage at Spear-Cross recognized Level 2 show in Scottsdale. Two days of competition with licensed judging and a professional show setup at Spear-Cross Equine Center. A strong December option for riders targeting late-season qualifying scores and championship preparation. Check the event page for specifics and updates.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i (480) 650-9661  |  https://azdressage.org/event/dressage-at-spear-cross-2/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b ARABIAN HORSE SHOW\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Region 7 Arabian /HA/AA Championship Horse Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 14\u8211?19, 2026  |  6:45 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 WestWorld of Scottsdale  16601 N Pima Rd  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Championship\par}
{\pard\s4 Region 7 Arabian Horse Association Regional Championships at WestWorld of Scottsdale. Six-day event with pre show April 14-15 and championships April 16-19. One of the premier Arabian, Half-Arabian, and Anglo-Arabian horse shows in the Southwest. Details at aharegion7.org.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://aharegion7.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b PAINT HORSE SHOW\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b APHA Zone 2 Horse Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 21\u8211?24, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Zone Show\par}
{\pard\s4 APHA Zone 2 Horse Show at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Four days of American Paint Horse Association zone-level competition open to all APHA members. Free to the public. Visit aphazone2.com for class schedule, entry deadlines and hotel information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://www.aphazone2.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b APHA Western National Championship\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 October 22\u8211?25, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 National Championship\par}
{\pard\s4 APHA Western National Championship at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Four days of American Paint Horse Association national-level competition for western performance, halter and pleasure horses. Free to the public. Visit apha.com for class schedule, entry info and hotel group rates.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  http://apha.com/western-national-show/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b QUARTER HORSE SHOW\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Southern Arizona Quarter Horse Association Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 January 28\u8211?February 1, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Horseshoe Park & Equestrian Centre  20464 E Riggs Road  Queen Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 AQHA Sanctioned Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Southern Arizona Quarter Horse Association five-day AQHA-sanctioned show at Horseshoe Park. Features Reining, Western Riding, Trail, English and Western pleasure, Cattle and Ranch Riding. Open to all levels and breeds per class eligibility. Learn more at saqha.org.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-358-3793  |  https://www.saqha.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b AzQHA Spring Fling\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 23\u8211?26, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 WestWorld of Scottsdale  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Rated Show  |  $7500 Added\par}
{\pard\s4 AzQHA Spring Fling at WestWorld Scottsdale \u8212? four days of NRCHA and NSBA-sanctioned competition. Full slate of Ranch Riding, Cow Horse, Trail, Boxing and All Around classes. Over $7,500 in added money across divisions. Full class schedule at azqha.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://azqha.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Pinnacle Circuit Horse Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 6\u8211?10, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Circuit Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Pinnacle Circuit Horse Show at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Five days of premier AQHA-affiliated quarter horse competition. Free to the public. Part of the Pinnacle Circuit series leading to the AQHA West Level 1 Championships. Visit pinnaclecircuit.com for class schedule.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://pinnaclecircuit.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b AQHA West Level 1 Championships\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 11\u8211?16, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Championship\par}
{\pard\s4 AQHA West Level 1 Championships at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Six days of American Quarter Horse Association championship competition for Level 1 competitors from the western region. Free to the public. Visit aqha.com for class schedule and qualifying info.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://pinnaclecircuit.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b The Celebration - EMO\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 25\u8211?July 5, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Championship\par}
{\pard\s4 The Celebration at South Point Arena in Las Vegas \u8212? eleven days of premier NSBA and EMO western performance horse competition. One of the largest western horse shows in the country featuring ranch riding, reining, cow horse and more. Free to the public. Visit thecelebrationlasvegas.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://www.thecelebrationlasvegas.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Silver Dollar Circuit\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 January 12\u8211?16, 2027\par}
{\pard\s3 TBD  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Circuit Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Silver Dollar Circuit returns to fabulous Las Vegas January 12\u8211?16, 2027 with new dates. A premier destination horse show event drawing competitors from across the southwest. Plan ahead for this multi-day circuit show in Las Vegas, Nevada.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b BREED SHOW\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Gold Rush Classic Peruvian Horse Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 19\u8211?21, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Rated Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Gold Rush Classic Peruvian Horse Show at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Three days of Southern California Peruvian Paso Horse Club competition showcasing the elegance and smooth gait of Peruvian horses. Free to the public. Visit scpphc.org for class schedule and entry details.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://scpphc.org/grc/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Morgan Medallion Classic Charity Horse Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 July 15\u8211?19, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Charity Show\par}
{\pard\s4 Morgan Medallion Classic Charity Horse Show at South Point's Priefert Pavilion in Las Vegas. Five days of Morgan horse competition raising funds for charity. Free to the public. A showcase of the Morgan breed's versatility and athleticism. Visit morganmedallion.com for entry and schedule info.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  http://www.morganmedallion.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b OBSTACLE COURSE\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Sunset Ranch Obstacle Challenge\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 11\u8211?12, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 The Barn in Goodyear  Goodyear  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Challenge\par}
{\pard\s4 Sunset Ranch Obstacle Challenge at The Barn in Goodyear. Real-world obstacles, confident horses \u8212? all levels welcome. In-hand and mounted divisions available in a fun, supportive environment. Two-day event open to riders of every discipline and experience level. Register at sunsetranch.us.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://sunsetranch.us\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Obstacle Clinic - April 25\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 25, 2026  |  8:00 AM - 11:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Tombstone  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Clinic\par}
{\pard\s4 Obstacle Clinic hosted by Regi Richter Basinger in Tombstone. Summer schedule in effect \u8212? Saturday sessions run 8 to 11 AM. A hands-on opportunity to work your horse through real-world obstacles in a supportive Arizona setting. All levels welcome.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Obstacle Clinic - May 23\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 23, 2026  |  8:45 AM - 11:45 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Tombstone  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Clinic\par}
{\pard\s4 The Obstacle Clinic scheduled for Saturday, May 23, 2026 takes place in Tombstone, Arizona and is hosted by Regi Richter Basinger. The flyer lists the session running from 8:45 AM to 11:45 AM MST. This clinic appears to be part of an ongoing monthly series held in the Tombstone area. The specific venue address was not listed on the flyer. No entry fee or contact phone number was listed. Additional details should be confirmed directly with the organizer, Regi Richter Basinger.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Chino Valley Cowboy Challenge and EXCA Race Series - May 30-31\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 30\u8211?31, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Chino Valley Equestrian Park  2208 Equestrian Way  Chino Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 EXCA Series\par}
{\pard\s4 High Plain Tumblers present the Chino Valley Cowboy Challenge and EXCA Race Series. Saturday: workshops 9 AM\u8211?1 PM plus Cowboy Challenge obstacle course. Sunday: EXCA Sanctioned Double Point races with divisions from Young Guns to Pro. Judges Dee Ladd and Jeff Cook. Overnight stalls available. cvcowboychallenge@gmail.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 714-721-2220  |  cvcowboychallenge@gmail.com  |  https://ExtremeCowboyAssociation.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Obstacle Clinic and Challenge - Dos Lomas\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 6, 2026  |  7:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Dos Lomas Wild Ranch  Snowflake  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Clinic/Challenge\par}
{\pard\s4 Obstacle Clinic and Challenge at Dos Lomas Wild Ranch in Snowflake \u8212? over 30 obstacles in the White Mountains. Clinic 8\u8211?10 AM, open practice 10 AM\u8211?2 PM, challenge from 2 PM with awards. $75/horse-rider combo includes all. Gift for every entry, prizes for top 5. Contact: dlwildranch@gmail.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 602-397-7070  |  dlwildranch@gmail.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b 2026 Year of the Horse Obstacle Challenge\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 July 11, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Wooden Bridge Equestrian Center  291 N. 8355  Concho  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Obstacle Challenge\par}
{\pard\s4 The 2026 Year of the Horse Obstacle Challenge is scheduled for July 11, 2026 at Wooden Bridge Equestrian Center, 291 N. 8355 in Concho, AZ 85924. The flyer lists Novice and Advanced levels with both In Hand and Under Saddle divisions available. Competition starts at 8:00 AM. Entry fee is $25 per class. Lunch is listed as available. The flyer notes Horses, Fun, Friends, and Food as event highlights. For more information and reservations, contact Trish at 602-791-1723. The specific number of obstacles and full class structure were not listed on the flyer.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 602-791-1723\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b MOUNTED SHOOTING\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Cowboy Mounted Shooting Association Southwest Spectacular\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 February 13\u8211?21, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Horseshoe Park & Equestrian Centre  20464 E Riggs Road  Queen Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Regional Championship\par}
{\pard\s4 Cowboy Mounted Shooting Association Southwest Spectacular at Horseshoe Park \u8212? nine days of CMSA-sanctioned mounted shooting competition. Riders in western attire shoot balloon targets at full gallop through timed courses. Free to the public. One of the premier CMSA regional events in the Southwest.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-358-3793  |  https://www.cowboymountedshootingaz.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b CMSA Western US Championship\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 July 23\u8211?26, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 South Point Arena & Equestrian Center  9777 Las Vegas Blvd South  Las Vegas  NV\par}
{\pard\s3 Championship\par}
{\pard\s4 CMSA Western US Championship at South Point Arena in Las Vegas. Four days of Cowboy Mounted Shooting Association western regional championship competition. Riders in period costume shoot balloon targets at full gallop. Free to the public. Visit cmsaevents.com for division and entry info.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 702-797-8005  |  https://cmsaevents.com/\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b POLO\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Will Rogers Polo Club - Equidome Women's Challenge\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 August 19\u8211?20, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Los Angeles Equestrian Center  480 W Riverside Dr  Burbank  CA\par}
{\pard\s3 Arena Polo Tournament\par}
{\pard\s4 Will Rogers Polo Club Equidome Women's Challenge arena polo tournament at LAEC. Two days of women's arena polo competition inside the iconic Equidome. Free for spectators. An exciting and accessible introduction to the sport of polo for Los Angeles fans. Visit thelaec.com for details.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 818-840-9063  |  https://thelaec.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b TRAIL RIDE\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b NATRC Showdown at Sunset\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 16\u8211?17, 2026  |  5:45 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Seligman Route 66 Rodeo Grounds  Seligman  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Competitive Trail Ride\par}
{\pard\s4 Showdown at Sunset NATRC Ride \u8212? Where Legends are Made. Leisure Division competitive trail ride at the historic Route 66 rodeo grounds in Seligman, AZ. Ride one or two days. Open to Adult and Junior divisions. North American Trail Ride Conference (NATRC) Region 2 LeD Rides. Ride Manager: Kandace French Contreras. Fabulous location beautiful area fun trails.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i natrc.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b RVR Trail Ride 2026\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 September 16\u8211?20, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Coconino National Forest  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Social Event\par}
{\pard\s4 Save the date for the Rio Verde Roverettes All Woman's Trail Ride 2026! This year's theme celebrates America's Birthday - 250 Years. The multi-day trail ride takes place in the beautiful Coconino National Forest, offering scenic riding through Arizona's high country. This popular annual event brings together women riders for camaraderie, adventure, and appreciation of the outdoors on horseback. Invitations and detailed information will be emailed out June 1. Perfect for experienced trail riders looking for a memorable group riding experience in one of Arizona's most scenic forests.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i rexwager@aol.com  |  rioverderoverettes.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Phoenix Comancheros Fall Trail Ride 2026\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 November 13\u8211?15, 2026  |  Fri 6 PM campfire kickoff / Sat trail ride check-in 8 AM, ride 9 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Sophie Flats Trailhead  Wickenburg  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Weekend Trail Ride / Campout\par}
{\pard\s4 The Phoenix Comancheros Fall Trail Ride is a full weekend campout event scheduled for November 13 through 15, 2026 at Sophie Flats Trailhead in Wickenburg, Arizona. Friday, November 13 features a campfire kickoff starting at 6 PM with participants bringing their own dinner. Saturday, November 14 includes trail ride check-in at 8 AM, ride start at 9 AM, lunch provided, an afternoon mini market open to all, and a potluck dinner. The flyer lists the ride fee as $20 or $10 with a new toy donation. Sunday morning breakfast will be provided for those who camp Saturday night. The flyer notes the trail is beginner friendly and approximately three to four hours, with a water tank available on the trail for horses. Camping is dry with no hookups. Participants should bring their own water and feed. A 50/50 raffle is listed. Contact Phoenix Comancheros at phoenixcomancheros@gmail.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i phoenixcomancheros@gmail.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b CLINIC\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Double Class Training - Horse Care & Human CPR - April 11\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 11, 2026  |  9:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Dreamcatcher Healing Ranch  6095 E Fleming Springs Rd  Cave Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Educational  |  $89-$139\par}
{\pard\s4 Double class with Teri Ann Tate of AZ Equine First Aid & Hearts & Wounds. Morning session covers essentials of horse care emergencies. Afternoon session covers human CPR, AED, and first aid. Hands-on training. Horse Care $89, Human CPR $65, or both for $139. Call 602-753-6734 to register.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 602-753-6734  |  heartsandwounds.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Desert Donkey Experiences Clinic\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 11, 2026  |  9:00 AM - 3:30 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Desert Donkey Experiences  14765 N Brenda Rd  Prescott  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Donkey Clinic\par}
{\pard\s4 Desert Donkey Experiences one-day clinic in Prescott with instructor Alyssa Berlew. Covers Introduction to Donkey Ownership and Handling. $25/person for the first 20 registrants. Includes equine tack sale, breakfast burritos, and 12 acres to explore. Sponsored by Jem's Legacy.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Horse Clinic with Dema Paul\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 16, 2026  |  8:00 AM - 12:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 G-Shining Heart Ranch  27804 N 152nd St  Scottsdale  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Horsemanship Clinic\par}
{\pard\s4 Horse Clinic with NRCHA Hall of Famer Dema Paul at G-Shining Heart Ranch in Scottsdale. Covers Ranch Riding, Cowhorse, Trail and Barrel Racing. Limited to 12 riders. $300/rider, $50 auditors, lunch included. $100 refundable deposit due by 4/12. Register: rockingtranquilityranch@gmail.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i rockingtranquilityranch@gmail.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Hunter Jumper Clinic with Jill Craven\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 2, 2026  |  8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 United Farms  4073 South Ln  Heber  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Hunter/Jumper Clinic\par}
{\pard\s4 Hunter/Jumper Clinic with Jill Craven at United Farms in Heber. All levels welcome and encouraged. $200 entry fee, $50 non-refundable deposit required. Limited to 10 riders \u8212? first come first served. Gates open 8 AM. Contact United Farms at 602-540-0876 to reserve your spot.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 602-540-0876\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b 2 Day Intensive for Equine Professionals - Yogi Sharp\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 October 10\u8211?11, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Jackpot Veterinary Center  6745 N La Ca\'f1ada Dr  Tucson  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Educational Intensive\par}
{\pard\s4 The 2 Day Intensive for Equine Professionals with Yogi Sharp of The Equine Documentalist is scheduled for October 10 and 11, 2026 at Jackpot Veterinary Center, 6745 N La Ca\'f1ada Dr, Tucson, AZ 85704. The flyer lists the focus as Equine Biomechanics and Myofascial Connections Through Hoof Function, with lectures on farriery science and practical demonstrations included over both days. Lunch is provided on both days. Tuition is listed as $400, increasing to $500 after July 1, 2026. The flyer notes limited spots are available and encourages early registration. Contact by call or text at 520-461-0467 for more information and to register.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 520-461-0467\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Tom Wicklund Drills & Maneuvers - Weekly Classes\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 Tuesdays/Wednesdays/Thursdays  |  5:30 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Performance Horse Arena  Corner of 24th and Maddock  Cave Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Weekly Classes  |  $30\par}
{\pard\s4 Weekly group horsemanship classes with Tom Wicklund at Performance Horse Arena. Tuesdays and Wednesdays at 5:30 PM, Thursdays at 10 AM. Focus on balance, hind quarters, forehand, and flexing. All disciplines and breeds welcome. New topics each week. $30 per session, space limited, pre-register.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i www.performancehorsearena.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b HORSE SHOW\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Chino Valley Horse Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 2, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Chino Valley Equestrian Park  2208 Equestrian Way  Chino Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Competition\par}
{\pard\s4 Chino Valley Equestrian Park presents an All Breed Western Horse Show. This event welcomes horses of all breeds to compete in western classes at the beautiful Chino Valley Equestrian Park facility. Located in the high country of Arizona, this show offers a chance to compete in a scenic setting with quality facilities. More information to follow as the event date approaches. A great opportunity for western riders in the Prescott/Chino Valley area to show close to home.\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Inspire the Spirit Horse Show\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 27, 2026  |  Registration 7:30 AM / Competition 8:00 AM\par}
{\pard\s3 Wooden-Bridge Ranch  291 N. 8355  Concho  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Schooling Show\par}
{\pard\s4 The Inspire the Spirit Horse Show is scheduled for June 27, 2026 at Wooden-Bridge Ranch, 291 N. 8355 in Concho, AZ 85924. Registration opens at 7:30 AM and competition begins at 8:00 AM. The flyer lists 22 classes including Showmanship for Junior and Senior Handlers, Simon Says, Western Pleasure across multiple age groups (Walk/Jog Only, 8\u8211?12, 13\u8211?17, and 18 & Older), Egg & Spoon, Western Horsemanship (8\u8211?12, 13\u8211?17, and 18 & Older), Ranch Versatility Walk/Jog Only, Ranch Versatility, Gaited Horse Pleasure (Walk/Gait and Walk/Gait/Lope), Hunter Under Saddle (Walk/Trot Only, 8\u8211?12, 13\u8211?17, and 18 & Older), and Hunt Seat Equitation (8\u8211?12, 13\u8211?17, and 18 & Older). Entry fees listed are $10 per class or $50 for the day. Contact Trish at 602-791-1723 or trishzaabe@gmail.com.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 602-791-1723  |  trishzaabe@gmail.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b YOUTH HORSE CAMP\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Song of the Horse Youth Camp 2026\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 4\u8211?6, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Tuba City Fairgrounds Rodeo Arena  Tuba City  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Youth Camp\par}
{\pard\s4 Song of the Horse Youth Camp 2026 is a free three-day event scheduled for June 4 through 6, 2026 at Tuba City Fairgrounds Rodeo Arena in Tuba City, Arizona. The flyer lists activities including Native Traditional Horse Day, Horse Songs and Stories, Horsemanship Presentations, Arena Riding Sessions, Equine Make-Over, Equine Facilitated Learning, Evening Arena Sessions, and an Obstacle Course Challenge across the three days. The camp is sponsored by the University of Arizona Cooperative Extension Tribal Extension Programs and the University of Colorado Boulder Ethnic Studies program, among other organizations listed on the flyer. Twenty riding spots are listed as available with unlimited non-riding spots for youth and adults. Limited horses will be available for participants without a horse. Boarding stalls will be available. T-shirts, prizes, and awards are listed for participants at no cost. Contact Grey Farrell at 928-614-8403 or GFarrell@cals.arizona.edu for registration and information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 928-614-8403  |  GFarrell@cals.arizona.edu\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b 20th Annual FUNdamentals Horse Camp & FUNkhana & Trail Challenge\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 9\u8211?13, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Buckin Burro Ranch  Williamson Valley  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Camp / Clinic  |  $1,000 per student\par}
{\pard\s4 20th Annual FUNdamentals Horse Camp at Buckin Burro Ranch near Prescott. Five days and four nights of horsemanship for girls ages 9-16. Includes meals, housing, stalls, individualized instruction, speed events, trail rides, daily challenges, award ceremony, and trophys. Indoor arena and trails. Limited to 24 spots. $200 deposit to reserve.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 602-448-3910\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b YOUTH PROGRAM\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Horsinalities Pony Club - Summer Session\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 8\u8211?July 10, 2026  |  9:00 AM - 1:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Come Back Ranch Animal Sanctuary  1 County Rd 4075  Eagar  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Pony Club\par}
{\pard\s4 Horsinalities Pony Club 10-week summer session at Come Back Ranch Animal Sanctuary in Eagar. Ages 7\u8211?18. Every Friday 9 AM\u8211?1 PM. $600 for 10 weeks or $60 per session. Learn horse care, horsinalities, tie-dye crafts, horseshoe decorating and horse painting. Scholarships available. comebackranch.org.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 928-270-8932  |  rescuedirector@comebackranch.org  |  https://comebackranch.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b QC 4H Horse Project\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 Monthly  |  6:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Horseshoe Park & Equestrian Centre  20464 E Riggs Road  Queen Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 4H Meeting\par}
{\pard\s4 QC 4H Horse Project monthly meetings at Horseshoe Park in Queen Creek. Youth horse program focused on horsemanship, animal husbandry and community leadership. Open to youth ages 5\u8211?18 interested in horses and equestrian activities. Contact Horseshoe Park at 480-358-3793 for meeting schedule.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-358-3793  |  https://www.queencreekaz.gov/government/horseshoe-park-equestrian-centre\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b YOUTH EVENT\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Horseback Riding Easter Party\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 4, 2026  |  10:00 AM - 1:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Golden Reins Riding School  2190 S Old Black Canyon Hwy  Humboldt  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Holiday Event\par}
{\pard\s4 Horseback Riding Easter Party at Golden Reins Riding School in Humboldt. Egg hunt, games, crafts and horses for the whole family. $15 per child. A fun spring celebration combining the joy of Easter with the magic of horses. Limited spots \u8212? RSVP to Sky at 602-642-0272.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 602-642-0272\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b COMMUNITY EVENT\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Wickenburg West Fest\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 4, 2026  |  11:00 AM - 2:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Stone Park  164 E Apache St  Wickenburg  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Festival\par}
{\pard\s4 Wickenburg West Fest \u8212? a free family western festival at Stone Park. Live music by the Rhythm Rangers, line dancing, comedy gun show reenactment, gold panning, old west games, and food trucks. A great community celebration of western heritage in downtown Wickenburg. Free admission.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i https://wickenburgaz.gov/events\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Willcox West Fest - Chuck Wagon Cook-Off & Ranch Rodeo\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 17\u8211?19, 2026  |  12:00 PM Friday\par}
{\pard\s3 Willcox West Fest Grounds  1138 N Quail Park  Willcox  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Festival / Ranch Rodeo\par}
{\pard\s4 12th Annual Willcox West Fest featuring chuck wagon cook-off with 8 competing teams, ranch rodeo, mounted shooting by Tombstone Ghost Riders, team roping, goat roping, live music, 39+ vendors, and cowboy church. Free parking, admission by donation. Mesquite steak dinner Saturday, chuckwagon breakfast Sunday.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 505-220-5842  |  willcoxwestfest@gmail.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b Heart Cry Cowboy Church\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 Monthly  |  6:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Horseshoe Park & Equestrian Centre  20464 E Riggs Road  Queen Creek  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Cowboy Church\par}
{\pard\s4 Heart Cry Cowboy Church monthly gathering at Horseshoe Park in Queen Creek. A community worship experience in the western tradition welcoming horses, families and all who appreciate the cowboy way of life. Free to attend. Check Horseshoe Park event calendar for specific dates.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 480-358-3793  |  https://www.queencreekaz.gov/government/horseshoe-park-equestrian-centre\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b FUNDRAISER\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Wild West Saddle Up 2026 Fundraiser\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 June 5\u8211?7, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Buckin' Burro Ranch  Prescott  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Western Weekend\par}
{\pard\s4 Wild West Saddle Up 2026 at Buckin' Burro Ranch, Prescott. Weekend Pass $325 includes guided trail rides, 4 meals, ranch activities and Saturday Shindig. Shindig-Only $125 for Saturday night live music, cocktails, dinner and auction. Music by Palomino Country. Benefits Animal Guardian Network sanctuary. Contact Carrie 602-568-5636.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 602-568-5636  |  https://SaddleUp2026.eventbrite.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b CONCERT\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b Randy Rogers Band Concert\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 May 14, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 The Maverick  Tucson  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Entertainment\par}
{\pard\s4 Texas country music favorites Randy Rogers Band bring their live show to The Maverick in Tucson. Known for hits like "Kiss Me in the Dark," "In My Arms Instead," and "Trouble," the band has been a staple of the Texas/Red Dirt country scene for over two decades. Their energetic live performances and authentic country sound make them a must-see for fans of real country music. The Maverick provides an intimate venue setting perfect for experiencing this acclaimed band up close.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i tucsonmaverick.com\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b RODEO QUEEN\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b 2026 Show Low Rodeo Queen Pageant\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 11, 2026\par}
{\pard\s3 Linden Valley Arena  Show Low  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Pageant\par}
{\pard\s4 2026 Show Low Rodeo Queen Pageant at Linden Valley Arena in Show Low, AZ. Open to young ladies ages 14-18 as of June 5, 2026. Must be a resident of Navajo or Apache County. Contestant packets available, entries due April 1, 2026. A community tradition celebrating western heritage and youth leadership in the White Mountains region. Contact Directors Shasta Perkins or Amy Jo Perkins for contestant packets and information.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 502-909-5330 / 928-243-3301\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
{\pard\s1 \b EQUINE ART\b0\par}
{\pard\s2 \b The Beauty Power and Elegance of the Horse - April 7\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 7, 2026  |  9:00 AM - 1:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Wickenburg Art Center  188 S Tegner  Wickenburg  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Workshop\par}
{\pard\s4 Two-session equine art workshop with award-winning artist Shelly Hackett. Session 1 covers pencil sketches exploring equine anatomy. Session 2 brings the horse to life in paint. Non-member $150, member $130 covers both classes. Register at wickenburgartclub.org.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 928-684-0488  |  https://wickenburgartclub.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa60 \par}
{\pard\s2 \b The Beauty Power and Elegance of the Horse - April 14\b0\par}
{\pard\s3 April 14, 2026  |  9:00 AM - 1:00 PM\par}
{\pard\s3 Wickenburg Art Center  188 S Tegner  Wickenburg  AZ\par}
{\pard\s3 Workshop\par}
{\pard\s4 Session 2 of Shelly Hackett's equine art workshop \u8212? bringing the horse to life in paint after Session 1's pencil sketch foundation. Award-winning instruction for all skill levels. Non-member $150, member $130 covers both sessions. Register at wickenburgartclub.org.\par}
{\pard\s5 \i 928-684-0488  |  https://wickenburgartclub.org\i0\par}
{\pard\s6\sb0\sa120 \par}
}